you are not welcome in the green of holy Stephen
Claxton hunting first major medal
I am in my mother’s room.
Whoroscope
as is shown by the sign of the tincture
 seconds to win the AAAs title
It’s I who live there now.
What’s that?
you are not at home in the green of St Peter the Redeemer the Eucharist
 I am quite confident said Claxton
I don’t know how I got there.
An egg?
yea and suave
 But I take each race as it comes
Perhaps in an ambulance, certainly a vehicle of some kind.
By the brothers Boot it stinks fresh.
because you are too old to love
OSullivan could run in Worlds
I was helped.
Give it to Gillot.
to love love love love threshing
 OSullivan is at present preparing for the London marathon on  April
I’d never have got there alone.
Galileo how are you
tonic in the balls
Greene sets sights on world title
There’s this man who comes every week.
and his consecutive thirds!
sparing not its possessor the fern
 It really hurts to look at that medal
Perhaps I got here thanks to him.
The vile old Copernican lead-swinging son of a sutler!
this instant the hush
 It was my mistake
He says not.
We’re moving he said we’re off – Porca Madonna!
tired of dying
 Its never going to happen again
He gives me money and takes away the pages.
the way a boatswain would be, or a sack-of-potatoey charging Pretender.
tired of policemen
 My goal  Im going to win the worlds
So many pages, so much money.
That’s not moving, that’s moving.
feet in marmalade
 Greene crossed the line just 
Yes, I work now, a little like I used to, except that I don’t know how to work any more.
What’s that?
perspiring profusely
 seconds behind Gatlin who won in 
That doesn’t matter apparently.
A little green fry or a mushroomy one?
heart in marmalade
 seconds in one of the closest and fastest sprints of all time
What I’d like now is to speak of the things that are left, say my goodbyes, finish dying.
Two lashed ovaries with prostisciutto?
smoke more fruit
 But Greene believes he lost the race and his title in the semifinals
They don’t want that.
How long did she womb it, the feathery one?
the old heart the old heart
 In my semifinal race I should have won the race but I was conserving energy
Yes, there is more than one, apparently.
Three days and four nights?
breaking outside congress
I just felt like I was running all alone
But it’s always the same one that comes.
Give it to Gillot.
doch I assure thee
 seconds
You’ll do that later, he says.
Faulhaber, Beeckman and Peter the Red,
lying on O’Connell Bridge
 But he also admits he faces more than one rival for the world crown
Good.
come now in the cloudy avalanche or Gassendi’s sun-red crystally cloud
goggling at the tulips of the evening
 Theres always someone else coming
The truth is I haven’t much will left.
and I’ll pebble you all your hen-and-a-half ones
the green tulips
 Now youve got about five or six young guys coming up at the same time
When he comes for the fresh pages he brings back the previous week’s.
or I’ll pebble a lens under the quilt in the midst of day.
shining round the corner like an anthrax
IAAF launches fight against drugs
They are marked with signs I don’t understand.
To think he was my own brother, Peter the Bruiser,
shining on Guinness’s barges
Two task forces have been set up to examine doping and nutrition issues
Anyway I don’t read them.
and not a syllogism out of him
the overtone the face
 Getting everyone together gave us a lot of food for thought
When I’ve done nothing he gives me nothing, he scolds me.
no more than if Pa were still in it.
too late to brighten the sky
Dibaba breaks m world record
Yet I don’t work for money.
Hey! pass over those coppers,
doch doch I assure thee
Dibaba won in  minutes 
For what then?
sweet millèd sweat of my burning liver!
Alba
 seconds to erase the previous world indoor mark of 
I don’t know.
Them were the days I sat in the hot-cupboard throwing Jesuits out of the skylight.
before morning you shall be here
 set by another Ethiopian Berhane Adera in Stuttgart last year
The truth is I don’t know much.
Who’s that? Hals?
and Dante and the Logos and all strata and mysteries
 Irelands Alistair Cragg won in 
For example my mother’s death.
Let him wait.
and the branded moon
 as Bekele battled to second in 
Was she already dead when I came?
My squinty doaty!
beyond the white plane of music
 I didnt want to sit back and get outkicked said Cragg
Or did she only die later?
I hid and you sook.
that you shall establish here before morning
 So I kept on the pace
I mean enough to bury.
And Francine my precious fruit of a house-and-parlour foetus!
grave suave singing silk
 The race was mine
I don’t know.
What an exfoliation!
stoop to the black firmament of areca
 Kluft took the long jump at 
Perhaps they haven’t buried her yet.
Her little grey flayed epidermis and scarlet tonsils!
rain on the bamboos flower of smoke alley of willows
m while Ceplak easily won the womens m in 
In any case I have her room.
My one child
who though you stoop with fingers of compassion
Isinbayeva claims new world best
I sleep in her bed.
scourged by a fever to stagnant murky blood –
to endorse the dust
Pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva broke her own indoor world record by clearing 
I piss and shit in her pot.
blood!
shall not add to your bounty
 metres in Lievin on Saturday
I have taken her place.
Oh Harvey belovèd
whose beauty shall be a sheet before me
m at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham
I must resemble her more and more.
how shall the red and white, the many in the few,
a statement of itself drawn across the tempest of emblems
 The Olympic champion went on to attempt 
All I need now is a son.
(dear bloodswirling Harvey)
so that there is no sun and no unveiling
m at the meeting on France but failed to clear that height
Perhaps I have one somewhere.
eddy through that cracked beater?
and no host
 I ran my race perfectly said Scott who won in 
But I think not.
And the fourth Henry came to the crypt of the arrow.
only I and then the sheet
secs his best time indoors
He would be old now, nearly as old as myself.
What’s that?
and bulk dead
OSullivan commits to Dublin race
It was a little chambermaid.
How long?
Dortmunder
Hansen delays return until 
It wasn’t true love.
Sit on it.
In the magic the Homer dusk
Offcolour Gardener storms to win
The true love was in another.
A wind of evil flung my despair of ease
past the red spire of sanctuary
Gardener clocked 
We’ll come to that.
against the sharp spires of the one
I null she royal hulk
 secs
Her name?
lady:
hasten to the violet lamp to the thin K’in music of the bawd.
 I almost went home
I’ve forgotten it again.
not once or twice but….
She stands before me in the bright stall
 Then everything went perfectly
It seems to me sometimes that I even knew my son, that I helped him.
(Kip of Christ hatch it!)
sustaining the jade splinters
 Scotlands Ian Mackie was also in action in Leipzig
Then I tell myself it’s impossible.
in one sun’s drowning
the scarred signaculum of purity quiet
 He stepped down from his favoured m to m to finish third in 
It’s impossible I could ever have helped anyone.
(Jesuitasters please copy).
the eyes the eyes black till the plagal east
 secs
I’ve forgotten how to spell too, and half the words.
So on with the silk hose over the knitted, and the morbid leather –
shall resolve the long night phrase.
 Germanys Alexander Kosenkow won the race in 
That doesn’t matter apparently.
what am I saying! the gentle canvas –
Then, as a scroll, folded,
 secs with Dutchman Patrick van Balkom second in 
Good.
and away to Ancona on the bright Adriatic,
and the glory of her dissolution enlarged
 secs
He’s a queer one the one who comes to see me.
and farewell for a space to the yellow key of the Rosicrucians.
in me, Habbakuk, mard of all sinners.
 Promising m hurdler
He comes every Sunday apparently.
They don’t know what the master of them that do did,
Schopenhauer is dead, the bawd
clocked a new UK record of 
The other days he isn’t free.
that the nose is touched by the kiss of all foul and sweet air,
puts her lute away.
 seconds at a meeting in Norway
He’s always thirsty.
and the drums, and the throne of the faecal inlet,
Sanies I
m in the triple jump at a meeting in Ghent
It was he told me I’d begun all wrong, that I should have begun differently.
and the eyes by its zig-zags.
all the livelong way this day of sweet showers from Portrane on the seashore
 At the same meeting
He must be right.
So we drink Him and eat Him
Donabate sad swans of Turvey Swords
finished third in 
I began at the beginning, like an old ballocks, can you imagine that?
and the watery Beaune and the stale cubes of Hovis
pounding along in three ratios like a sonata
 seconds in a highclass womens m
Here’s my beginning.
because He can jig
like a Ritter with pommelled scrotum atra cura on the step
 Britains Joice Maduaka finished fifth in 
Because they’re keeping it apparently.
as near or as far from His Jigging Self
Botticelli from the fork down pestling the transmission
 Olympic bronze heptathlon medallist
I took a lot of trouble with it.
and as sad or lively as the chalice or the tray asks.
tires bleeding voiding zeep the highway
made a lowkey return to action at an indoor meeting in Birmingham
Here it is.
How’s that, Antonio?
all heaven in the sphincter
 The yearold cleared 
It gave me a lot of trouble.
In the name of Bacon will you chicken me up that egg.
the sphincter
m to win the high jump and threw 
It was the beginning, do you understand?
Shall I swallow cave-phantoms?
müüüüüüüde now
m in the womens shot put
Whereas now it’s nearly the end.
Anna Maria!
potwalloping now through the promenaders
Collins to compete in Birmingham
Is what I do now any better?
She reads Moses and says her love is crucified.
this trusty all-steel this super-real
 Collins ran in Birmingham at the  World Indoor Championships
I don’t know.
Leider! Leider! she bloomed and withered,
bound for home like a good boy
 Im looking forward to competing against such a strong field he said
That’s beside the point.
a pale abusive parakeet in a mainstreet window.
where I was born with a pop with the green of the larches
Radcliffe yet to answer GB call
Here’s my beginning.
No I believe every word of it I assure you.
ah to be back in the caul now with no trusts
 Radcliffe must make a decision by Tuesday  the deadline for team nominations
It must mean something, or they wouldn’t keep it.
Fallor, ergo sum!
no fingers no spoilt love
 She is not messing us around
Here it is.
The coy old frôleur!
belting along in the meantime clutching the bike
 We all understand the problem
This time, then once more I think, then perhaps a last time, then I think it’ll be over, with that world too.
He tolle’d and legge’d
the billows of the nubile the cere wrack
 In her absence the GB team won bronze in Brussels
Premonition of the last but one but one.
and he buttoned on his redemptorist waistcoat.
pot-valiant caulless waisted in rags hatless
Edwards tips Idowu for Euro gold
All grows dim.
No matter, let it pass.
for mamma papa chicken and ham
Idowu landed 
A little more and you’ll go blind.
I’m a bold boy I know
warm Grave too say the word
 Edwards himself kept Idowu off top spot at the Manchester Games
It’s in the head.
so I’m not my son
happy days snap the stem shed a tear
 Phillips still needs to be much more consistent
It doesn’t work any more, it says, I don’t work any more.
(even if I were a concierge)
this day Spy Wedsday seven pentades past
Kenya lift Chepkemeis suspension
You go dumb as well and sounds fade.
nor Joachim my father’s
oh the larches the pain drawn like a cork
 We have withdrawn the ban
The threshold scarcely crossed that’s how it is.
but the chip of a perfect block that’s neither old nor new,
the glans he took the day off up hill and down dale
 Chepkemei has given a reason for her absence said AK chief Isaiah Kiplagat
It’s the head.
the lonely petal of a great high bright rose.
with a ponderous fawn from the Liverpool London and Globe
 I am ready and prepared to represent my country
It must have had enough.
Are you ripe at last,
back the shadows lengthen the sycomores are sobbing
McIlroy aiming for Madrid title
So that you say, I’ll manage this time, then perhaps once more, then perhaps a last time, then nothing more.
my slim pale double-breasted turd?
to roly-poly oh to me a spanking boy
 New coach Tony Lester has helped get McIlroys career back on track
You are hard set to formulate this thought, for it is one, in a sense.
How rich she smells,
buckets of fizz childbed is thirsty work
 And McIlroy whose time of one minute 
Then you try to pay attention, to consider with attention all those dim things, saying to yourself, laboriously, It’s my fault.
this abortion of a fledgling!
for the midwife he is gory
 That ambition has meant that Ive had only two nights out since last August
Fault?
I will eat it with a fish fork.
for the proud parent he washes down a gob of gladness
 The rest of my time has seen me just concentrating on rebuilding my career
That was the word.
White and yolk and feathers.
for footsore Achates also he pants his pleasure
UK Athletics agrees new kit deal
But what fault?
Then I will rise and move moving 90
sparkling beestings for me
 We are delighted
It’s not goodbye, and what magic in those dim things to which it will be time enough, when next they pass, to say goodbye.
toward Rahab of the snows,
tired now hair ebbing gums ebbing ebbing home
Verdict delay for Greek sprinters
For you must say goodbye, it would be madness not to say goodbye, when the time comes.
the murdering matinal pope-confessed amazon,
good as gold now in the prime after a brief prodigality
 I am confident and optimistic Thanou had said at the time
If you think of the forms and light of other days it is without regret.
Christina the ripper.
I see her running amok in the graveyard. She doesn't know where she is going. She is in the hospital, where she is dying. I see a little boy, unconscious for a good eight hours, in the intensive care. It is his mother who is dying. I walk past her, looking for him, and I see her slouching slowly through the heavy air. I turn and say: Hark! come along! come along! (turning left)
 We presented new evidence to the committee that they were not aware of
But you seldom think of them, with what would you think of them?
Oh Weulles spare the blood of a Frank
and away to the sea.
 It was not clear what this new evidence was
I don’t know.
who has climbed the bitter steps,
Echo’s Bones and Other Precipitates
Call for Kenteris to be cleared
People pass too, hard to distinguish from yourself.
(René du Perron …!)
1
 The Greek tribunal is expected to give its verdict early next week
That is discouraging.
and grant me my second
why not merely the despaired of
Merritt close to indoor m mark
So I saw A and C going slowly towards each other, unconscious of what they were doing.
starless inscrutable hour.
occasion of
The world junior champion clocked 
It was on a road remarkably bare, I mean without hedges or ditches or any kind of edge, in the country, for cows were chewing in enormous fields, lying and standing, in the evening silence.
Gnome
wordshed
 seconds to finish well clear of fellow American Bershawn Jackson in Arkansas
Perhaps I’m inventing a little, perhaps embellishing, but on the whole that’s the way it was.
Spend the years of learning squandering
is it not better abort than be barren
 Only Michael Johnson has gone quicker setting the world record of 
They chew, swallow, then after a short pause effortlessly bring up the next mouthful.
Courage for the years of wandering
the hours after you are gone are so leaden
secs in  and running 
A neck muscle stirs and the jaws begin to grind again.
Through a world politely turning
they will always start dragging too soon
secs in 
But perhaps I’m remembering things.
From the loutishness of learning.
the grapples clawing blindly the bed of want
 Kenyan Bernard Lagat missed out on the world record by 
The road, hard and white, seared the tender pastures, rose and fell at the whim of hills and hollows.
Echo’s Bones and Other Precipitates
bringing up the bones the old loves
 The Olympic silver medallists time of three minutes 
The town was not far.
The Vulture
sockets filled once with eyes like yours
 Irelands
It was two men, unmistakably, one small and one tall.
dragging his hunger through the sky
all always is it better too soon than never
continued his excellent form by winning a tight m in 
They had left the town, first one, then the other, and then the first, weary or remembering a duty, had retraced his steps.
of my skull shell of sky and earth
the black want splashing their faces
secs to secure his victory
The air was sharp, for they wore greatcoats.
stooping to the prone who must
saying again nine days never floated the loved
 Olympic m gold medallist
They looked alike, but no more than others do.
soon take up their life and walk
nor nine months
secs
At first a wide space lay between them.
mocked by a tissue that may not serve
nor nine lives
 World indoor m hurdles champion
They couldn’t have seen each other, even had they raised their heads and looked about, because of this wide space, and then because of the undulating land, which caused the road to be in waves, not high, but high enough, high enough.
till hunger earth and sky be offal
2
also won improving his seasonleading time to 
But the moment came when together they went down into the same trough and in this trough finally met.
Enueg I
saying again
secs
To say they knew each other, no, nothing warrants it.
Exeo in a spasm
if you do not teach me I shall not learn
London hope over Chepkemei
But perhaps at the sound of their steps, or warned by some obscure instinct, they raised their heads and observed each other, for a good fifteen paces, before they stopped, breast to breast.
tired of my darling’s red sputum
saying again there is a last
 We are watching it closely said London race director David Bedford
Yes, they did not pass each other by, but halted, face to face, as in the country, of an evening, on a deserted road, two wayfaring strangers will, without there being anything extraordinary about it.
from the Portobello Private Nursing Home
even of last times
Edwards tips Idowu for Euro gold
But they knew each other perhaps.
its secret things
last times of begging
Idowu landed 
Now in any case they do, now I think they will know each other, greet each other, even in the depths of the town.
and toil to the crest of the surge of the steep perilous bridge
last times of loving
 Edwards himself kept Idowu off top spot at the Manchester Games
They turned towards the sea which, far in the east, beyond the fields, loomed high in the waning sky, and exchanged a few words.
and lapse down blankly under the scream of the hoarding
of knowing not knowing pretending
 Phillips still needs to be much more consistent
Then each went on his way.
round the bright stiff banner of the hoarding
a last even of last times of saying
Chepkemei hit by big ban
Each went on his way, A back towards the town, C on by ways he seemed hardly to know, or not at all, for he went with uncertain step and often stopped to look about him, like someone trying to fix landmarks in his mind, for one day perhaps he may have to retrace his steps, you never know.
into a black west
if you do not love me I shall not be loved
 We are taking this action in order to salvage our pride said Kiplagat
The treacherous hills where fearfully he ventured were no doubt only known to him from afar, seen perhaps from his bedroom window or from the summit of a monument which, one black day, having nothing in particular to do and turning to height for solace, he had paid his few coppers to climb, slower and slower, up the winding stones.
throttled with clouds.
if I do not love you I shall not love
 She failed to run in the event citing a leg injury
From there he must have seen it all, the plain, the sea, and then these selfsame hills that some call mountains, indigo in places in the evening light, their serried ranges crowding to the skyline, cloven with hidden valleys that the eye divines from sudden shifts of colour and then from other signs for which there are no words, nor even thoughts.
Above the mansions the algum-trees
the churn of stale words in the heart again
Holmes secures comeback victory
But all are not divined, even from that height, and often where only one escarpment is discerned, and one crest, in reality there are two, two escarpments, two crests, riven by a valley.
the mountains
love love love thud of the old plunger
 seconds
But now he knows these hills, that is to say he knows them better, and if ever again he sees them from afar it will be I think with other eyes, and not only that but the within, all that inner space one never sees, the brain and heart and other caverns where thought and feeling dance their sabbath, all that too quite differently disposed.
my skull sullenly
pestling the unalterable
 It was nice to get that out of the way
He looks old and it is a sorry sight to see him solitary after so many years, so many days and nights unthinkingly given to that rumour rising at birth and even earlier, What shall I do?
clot of anger
whey of words
 I was nervous about whether I would actually be able to get round
What shall I do?
skewered aloft strangled in the cang of the wind
terrified again
 I felt good
now low, a murmur, now precise as the headwaiter’s And to follow?
bites like a dog against its chastisement.
of not loving
 I just had to relax and use my racing knowledge said Holmes
and often rising to a scream.
I trundle along rapidly now on my ruined feet
of loving and not you
 It was all about winning in front of my home crowd
And in the end, or almost, to be abroad alone, by unknown ways, in the gathering night, with a stick.
flush with the livid canal;
of being loved and not by you
 The time is irrelevant
It was a stout stick, he used it to thrust himself onward, or as a defence, when the time came, against dogs and marauders.
at Parnell Bridge a dying barge
of knowing not knowing pretending
 I got round in one piece and didnt disgrace myself
Yes, night was gathering, but the man was innocent, greatly innocent, he had nothing to fear, though he went in fear, he had nothing to fear, there was nothing they could do to him, or very little.
carrying a cargo of nails and timber
pretending
 Now its about going forward
But he can’t have known it.
rocks itself softly in the foaming cloister of the lock;
I and all the others that will love you
Greek pair attend drugs hearing
I wouldn’t know it myself, if I thought about it.
on the far bank a gang of down and outs would seem to be mending a beam.
if they love you
 A decision is expected to be announced before the end of February
Yes, he saw himself threatened, his body threatened, his reason threatened, and perhaps he was, perhaps they were, in spite of his innocence.
Then for miles only wind
3
 Tzekos was also banned for two years by the IAAF
What business has innocence here?
and the weals creeping alongside on the water
unless they love you
 A trial date has not been set
What relation to the innumerable spirits of darkness?
and the world opening up to the south
Ooftish
 We refute both charges as unsubstantiated and illogical he said
It’s not clear.
across a travesty of champaign to the mountains
offer it up plank it down
Chepkemei joins Edinburgh lineup
It seemed to me he wore a cocked hat.
and the stillborn evening turning a filthy green
Golgotha was only the potegg
El Guerrouj targets cross country
I remember being struck by it, as I wouldn’t have been for example by a cap or by a bowler.
manuring the night fungus
cancer angina it is all one to us
 Otherwise there is not much point in me going
I watched him recede, overtaken (myself) by his anxiety, at least by an anxiety which was not necessarily his, but of which as it were he partook.
and the mind annulled
cough up your T.B. don’t be stingy
 I am almost a month behind but I am on the right track
Who knows if it wasn’t my own anxiety overtaking him.
wrecked in wind.
no trifle is too trifling not even a thrombus
Collins appeals against drugs ban
He hadn’t seen me.
I splashed past a little wearish old man,
anything venereal is especially welcome
 CAS has said that a ruling is normally given within four months of an appeal
I was perched higher than the road’s highest point and flattened what is more against a rock the same colour as myself, that is grey.
Democritus,
that old toga in the mothballs
Holmes feted with further honour
The rock he probably saw.
scuttling along between a crutch and a stick,
don’t be sentimental you won’t be wanting it again
 Swedish triple jumper Christian Olsson was voted male athlete of the year
He gazed around as if to engrave the landmarks on his memory and must have seen the rock in the shadow of which I crouched like Belacqua, or Sordello, I forget.
his stump caught up horribly, like a claw, under his breech, smoking.
send it along we’ll put it in the pot with the rest
Campbell to extend sprint career
But a man, a fortiori myself, isn’t exactly a landmark, because.
Then because a field on the left went up in a sudden blaze
with your love requited and unrequited
Campbell who won Olympic xm relay gold had been unsure about his future
I mean if by some strange chance he were to pass that way again, after a long lapse of time, vanquished, or to look for some lost thing, or to destroy something, his eyes would search out the rock, not the haphazard in its shadow of that unstable fugitive thing, still living flesh.
of shouting and urgent whistling and scarlet and blue ganzies
the things taken too late the things taken too soon
 Ive started back and Im thoroughly enjoying it
No, he certainly didn’t see me, for the reasons I’ve given and then because he was in no humour for that, that evening, no humour for the living, but rather for all that doesn’t stir, or stirs so slowly that a child would scorn it, let alone an old man.
I stopped and climbed the bank to see the game.
the spirit aching bullock’s scrotum
 Im looking forward to it
However that may be, I mean whether he saw me or whether he didn’t, I repeat I watched him recede, at grips (myself) with the temptation to get up and follow him, perhaps even to catch up with him one day, so as to know him better, be myself less lonely.
A child fidgeting at the gate called up:
you won’t cure it you won’t endure it
 Ive got to run under  seconds for m and under  seconds for m
But in spite of my soul’s leap out to him, at the end of its elastic, I saw him only darkly, because of the dark and then because of the terrain, in the folds of which he disappeared from time to time, to re-emerge further on, but most of all I think because of other things calling me and towards which too one after the other my soul was straining, wildly.
‘Would we be let in Mister?’
it is you it equals you any fool has to pity you
 Campbell set his m personal best of 
I mean of course the fields, whitening under the dew, and the animals, ceasing from wandering and settling for the night, and the sea, of which nothing, and the sharpening line of crests, and the sky where without seeing them I felt the first stars tremble, and my hand on my knee and above all the other wayfarer, A or C, I don’t remember, going resignedly home.
‘Certainly’ I said ‘you would.’
so parcel up the whole issue and send it along
secs when he won the European title in Budapest in 
Yes, towards my hand also, which my knee felt tremble and of which my eyes saw the wrist only, the heavily veined back, the pallid rows of knuckles.
But, afraid, he set off down the road.
the whole misery diagnosed undiagnosed misdiagnosed
 And he ran 
But that is not, I mean my hand, what I wish to speak of now, everything in due course, but A or C returning to the town he had just left.
‘Well’ I called after him ‘why wouldn’t you go on in?’
get your friends to do the same we’ll make use of it
secs in the quarterfinals of the m in Sydney on the way to Olympic silver
But after all what was there particularly urban in his aspect?
‘Oh’ he said, knowingly,
we’ll make sense of it we’ll put it in the pot with the rest
Isinbayeva heads for Birmingham
He was bare-headed, wore sand-shoes, smoked a cigar.
‘I was in that field before and I got put out.’
it all boils down to blood of lamb
Everybody knows how much I enjoy competing in Britain
He moved with a kind of loitering indolence which rightly or wrongly seemed to me expressive.
So on,
Saint-Lô
 I always seem to break records there said Isinbayeva
But all that proved nothing, refuted nothing.
derelict,
Vire will wind in other shadows
 Kelly Holmes and Carolina Kluft are among other Athens winners competing
Perhaps he had come from afar, from the other end of the island even, and was approaching the town for the first time or returning to it after a long absence.
as from a bush of gorse on fire in the mountain after dark,
unborn through the bright ways tremble
m to claim the gold medal
A little dog followed him, a pomeranian I think, but I don’t think so.
or in Sumatra the jungle hymen,
and the old mind ghost-forsaken
 An Irish Athletics Year
I wasn’t sure at the time and I’m still not sure, though I’ve hardly thought about it.
the still flagrant rafflesia.
sink into its havoc
 wont be remembered as one of Irish athletics great years
The little dog followed wretchedly, after the fashion of pomeranians, stopping, turning in slow circles, giving up and then, a little further on, beginning all over again.
Next:
my way is in the sand flowing
 At least Sonia managed to make it to Athens
Constipation is a sign of good health in pomeranians.
a lamentable family of grey verminous hens,
between the shingle and the dune
 and an early exit
At a given moment, pre-established if you like, I don’t much mind, the gentleman turned back, took the little creature in his arms, drew the cigar from his lips and buried his face in the orange fleece, for it was a gentleman, that was obvious.
perishing out in the sunk field,
the summer rain rains on my life
Sprinter Walker quits athletics
Yes, it was an orange pomeranian, the less I think of it the more certain I am.
trembling, half asleep, against the closed door of a shed,
on me my life harrying fleeing
 I had intended to race but Im running like a goon said Walker
And yet.
with no means of roosting.
to its beginning to its end
Bekele sets sights on world mark
But would he have come from afar, bare-headed, in sand-shoes, smoking a cigar, followed by a pomeranian?
The great mushy toadstool,
my peace is there in the receding mist
 I am still as hungry to do as much as I can in this sport said Bekele
Did he not seem rather to have issued from the ramparts, after a good dinner, to take his dog and himself for a walk, like so many citizens, dreaming and farting, when the weather is fine?
green-black,
when I may cease from treading these long shifting thresholds
 Gebrselassies current record stands at eight minutes 
But was not perhaps in reality the cigar a cutty, and were not the sand-shoes boots, hobnailed, dust-whitened, and what prevented the dog from being one of those stray dogs that you pick up and take in your arms, from compassion or because you have long been straying with no other company than the endless roads, sands, shingle, bogs and heather, than this nature answerable to another court, than at long intervals the fellow-convict you long to stop, embrace, suck, suckle and whom you pass by, with hostile eyes, for fear of his familiarities?
oozing up after me,
and live the space of a door
 seconds
Until the day when, your endurance gone, in this world for you without arms, you catch up in yours the first mangy cur you meet, carry it the time needed for it to love you and you it, then throw it away.
soaking up the tattered sky like an ink of pestilence,
that opens and shuts
 The meet has already attracted a crop of Olympic talent
Perhaps he had come to that, in spite of appearances.
in my skull the wind going fetid,
what would I do without this world faceless incurious
 Britains m and m champion Kelly Holmes is taking part in the m
He disappeared, his head on his chest, the smoking object in his hand.
the water …
where to be lasts but an instant where every instant
 Swedish heptathlon gold medallist Carolina Kluft will contest the m hurdles
Let me try and explain.
Next:
spills in the void the ignorance of having been
Greek sprinters suspended by IAAF
From things about to disappear I turn away in time.
on the hill down from the Fox and Geese into Chapelizod
without this wave where in the end
 They face twoyear bans if found guilty by the Greek Athletics Federation
To watch them out of sight, no, I can’t do it.
a small malevolent goat, exiled on the road,
body and shadow together are engulfed
 The suspension also covers the athletes controversial coach Christos Tzekos
It was in this sense he disappeared.
remotely pucking the gate of his field;
what would I do without this silence where the murmurs die
 Some medical staff have been charged with writing false medical reports
Looking away I thought of him, saying, He is dwindling, dwindling.
the Isolde Stores a great perturbation of sweaty heroes,
the pantings the frenzies towards succour towards love
 Tzekos insisted he and the runners had nothing to hide
I knew what I meant.
in their Sunday best,
without this sky that soars
 The IAAFs decision means nothing he said
I knew I could catch him, lame as I was.
come hastening down for a pint of nepenthe or moly or half and half
above its ballast dust
 Well be presenting all our arguments to SEGAS  were innocent
I had only to want to.
from watching the hurlers above in Kilmainham.
what would I do what I did yesterday and the day before
Athens memories soar above lows
And yet no, for I did want to.
Blotches of doomed yellow in the pit of the Liffey;
peering out of my deadlight looking for another
One of my favourite Olympic moments was Kellys success in the m
To get up, to get down on the road, to set off hobbling in pursuit of him, to hail him, what could be easier?
the fingers of the ladders hooked over the parapet,
wandering like me eddying far from all the living
He was the first man since for  years to win both the m and m titles
He hears my cries, turns, waits for me.
soliciting;
in a convulsive space
 That was her heart and not her head reacting
I am up against him, up against the dog, gasping, between my crutches.
a slush of vigilant gulls in the grey spew of the sewer.
among the voices voiceless
 Paula had a lot of little things going wrong in her preparation and on the day
He is a little frightened of me, a little sorry for me, I disgust him not a little.
Ah the banner
that throng my hiddenness
The only individual mens finalist on the track was Michael East in the m
I am not a pretty sight, I don’t smell good.
the banner of meat bleeding
that there is truth in all
To be honest Im getting bored with all the drug scandals especially Balco
What is it I want?
on the silk of the seas and the arctic flowers
that chaoses in the
 I just wish the whole thing would come to a head so we can move on
Ah that tone I know, compounded of pity, of fear, of disgust.
that do not exist.
I have a dirty I say it
Collins banned in landmark case
I want to see the dog, see the man, at close quarters, know what smokes, inspect the shoes, find out other things.
Enueg II
I say it
 The yearold was found guilty of using performanceenhancing drugs
He is kind, tells me of this and that and other things, whence he comes, whither he goes.
world world world world
outside the main house
 His hearing before the CSA has been rescheduled for June next year
I believe him, I know it’s my only chance to—my only chance, I believe all I’m told, I’ve disbelieved only too much in my long life, now I swallow everything, greedily.
and the face grave
house of prayer
Drug enforcement chiefs in the US have vowed to crack down on cheats
What I need now is stories, it took me a long time to know that, and I’m not sure of it.
cloud against the evening
something heart of Mary
 The trial is expected to open next March
There I am then, informed as to certain things, knowing certain things about him, things I didn’t know, things I had craved to know, things I had never thought of.
de morituris nihil nisi
the skull of Michiel
Jones doping probe begins
What rigmarole.
and the face crumbling shyly
lying on O’Connell Bridge
 We will find a way to deal with that Pound said
I am even capable of having learnt what his profession is, I who am so interested in professions.
too late to darken the sky
stead of George II
Johnson accuses British sprinters
And to think I try my best not to talk about myself.
blushing away into the evening
the light creeps down their old home canyon
And the American remains highly critical of aspects of British sprinting
In a moment I shall talk about the cows, about the sky, if I can.
shuddering away like a gaffe
sucks me aloof to that old reliable
 Athletes here have to compete more outside the UK
There I am then, he leaves me, he’s in a hurry.
veronica mundi
the burning btm of George I
 You cant fix everything with money he admitted
He didn’t seem to be in a hurry, he was loitering, I’ve already said so, but after three minutes of me he is in a hurry, he has to hurry.
veronica munda
ah across the way a adder
 So when they get to the top they are more appreciative
I believe him.
gives us a wipe for the love of Jesus
broaches her rat
Radcliffe proves doubters wrong
And once again I am I will not say alone, no, that’s not like me, but, how shall I say, I don’t know, restored to myself, no, I never left myself, free, yes, I don’t know what that means but it’s the word I mean to use, free to do what, to do nothing, to know, but what, the laws of the mind perhaps, of my mind, that for example water rises in proportion as it drowns you and that you would do better, at least no worse, to obliterate texts than to blacken margins, to fill in the holes of words till all is blank and flat and the whole ghastly business looks like what it is, senseless, speechless, issueless misery.
sweating like Judas
white as snow
This wont go down as one of the greatest marathons of Paulas career
So I doubtless did better, at least no worse, not to stir from my observation post.
tired of dying
in her dazzling oven strom of peristalsis
 But as a test of character it was the toughest race shes ever taken part in
But instead of observing I had the weakness to return in spirit to the other, the man with the stick.
tired of policemen
limae labor
 She can now draw a line under this year and make plans about her future
Then the murmurs began again.
feet in marmalade
ah father father that art in heaven
 She knows she can dig deep if she needs to
To restore silence is the role of objects.
perspiring profusely
I find me taking the Crystal Palace
 But that was never on the cards
I said, Who knows if he hasn’t simply come out to take the air, relax, stretch his legs, cool his brain by stamping the blood down to his feet, so as to make sure of a good night, a joyous awakening, an enchanted morrow.
heart in marmalade
for the Blessed Isles from Primrose Hill
 She might have been beaten but she would have kept running
Was he carrying so much as a scrip?
smoke more fruit
alas I must be that kind of person
 The only question was what position she could finish in
But the way of walking, the anxious looks, the club, could these be reconciled with one’s conception of what is called a little turn?
the old heart the old heart
hence in Ken Wood who shall find me
 If she wasnt confident she wouldnt have run
But the hat, a town hat, an old-fashioned town hat, which the least gust would carry far away.
breaking outside congress
my breath held in the midst of thickets
Jones medals must go if guilty
Unless it was attached under the chin, by means of a string or an elastic.
doch I assure thee
none but the most quarried lovers
Radcliffe tackles marathon tasks
I took off my hat and looked at it.
lying on O’Connell Bridge
I surprise me moved by the many a funnel hinged
 BBC Sport examines the challenges facing Radcliffe ahead of the big race
It is fastened, it has always been fastened, to my buttonhole, always the same buttonhole, at all seasons, by a long lace.
goggling at the tulips of the evening
for the obeisance to Tower Bridge
The ability to run a gruelling 
I am still alive then.
the green tulips
the viper’s curtsy to and from the City
 miles relies largely upon an athletes belief that they can do it
That may come in useful.
shining round the corner like an anthrax
till in the dusk a lighter
 If she were to change her preparation and tactics that would be madness
The hand that held the hat I thrust as far as possible from me and moved in an arc, to and fro.
shining on Guinness’s barges
blind with pride
 If Radcliffe crosses the line first she will have proved her critics wrong
As I did so, I watched the lapel of my greatcoat and saw it open and close.
the overtone the face
tosses aside the scarf of the bascules
 She must not get caught up in someone elses agenda
I understand now why I never wore a flower in my buttonhole, though it was large enough to hold a whole nosegay.
too late to brighten the sky
then in the grey hold of the ambulance
 You cant change history warned Richards
My buttonhole was set aside for my hat.
doch doch I assure thee
throbbing on the brink ebb of sighs
 Only one person can win the marathon but lots of people can be successful
It was my hat that I beflowered.
Alba
then I hug me below among the canaille
 But that is only for longterm health and fitness
But it is neither of my hat nor of my greatcoat that I hope to speak at present, it would be premature.
before morning you shall be here
until a guttersnipe blast his cernèd eyes
 When you finish a marathon you are still very fit and can recover quickly
Doubtless I shall speak of them later, when the time comes to draw up the inventory of my goods and possessions.
and Dante and the Logos and all strata and mysteries
demanding ’ave I done with the Mirror
 So physically it is possible for Paula
Unless I lose them between now and then.
and the branded moon
I stump off in a fearful rage under Married Men’s Quarters
 And Yelling says I think this will probably make Paula
But even lost they will have their place, in the inventory of my possessions.
beyond the white plane of music
Bloody Tower
 I think it will drive her on and shell come out of it a better athlete
But I am easy in my mind, I shall not lose them.
that you shall establish here before morning
and afar off at all speed screw me up Wren’s giant bully
Gatlin and Hayes win Owen awards
Nor my crutches, I shall not lose my crutches either.
grave suave singing silk
and curse the day caged panting on the platform
 seconds in Athens
But I shall perhaps one day throw them away.
stoop to the black firmament of areca
under the flaring urn
 Hayes  set an Olympic record of 
I must have been on the top, or on the slopes, of some considerable eminence, for otherwise how could I have seen, so far away, so near at hand, so far beneath, so many things, fixed and moving.
rain on the bamboos flower of smoke alley of willows
I was not born Defoe
 in winning the m hurdles
But what was an eminence doing in this land with hardly a ripple?
who though you stoop with fingers of compassion
but in Ken Wood
 It is such a great honour to win the Jesse Owens Award said Gatlin
And I, what was I doing there, and why come?
to endorse the dust
who shall find me
Radcliffe enjoys winning comeback
These are things that we shall try and discover.
shall not add to your bounty
my brother the fly
 Its a good way to end the year she said
But these are things we must not take seriously.
whose beauty shall be a sheet before me
the common housefly
 Im ready for a good rest now
There is a little of everything, apparently, in nature, and freaks are common.
a statement of itself drawn across the tempest of emblems
sidling out of darkness into light
Collins named UK Athletics chief
And I am perhaps confusing several different occasions, and different times, deep down, and deep down is my dwelling, oh not deepest down, somewhere between the mud and the scum.
so that there is no sun and no unveiling
fastens on his place in the sun
 We have thoroughly tested the candidates
And perhaps it was A one day at one place, then C another at another, then a third the rock and I, and so on for the other components, the cows, the sky, the sea, the mountains.
and no host
whets his six legs
 Collins said Its a great challenge
I can’t believe it.
only I and then the sheet
revels in his planes his poisers
 He arrives with British athletics at a crossroads
No, I will not lie, I can easily conceive it.
and bulk dead
it is the autumn of his life
 Foster however declared himself satisfied with how the appointment was made
No matter, no matter, let us go on, as if all arose from one and the same weariness, on and on heaping up and up, until there is no room, no light, for any more.
Dortmunder
he could not serve typhoid and mammon
White admits to Balco drugs link
What is certain is that the man with the stick did not pass by again that night, because I would have heard him, if he had.
In the magic the Homer dusk
Serena II
 But she added It was my decision to go to him not anybody elses
I don’t say I would have seen him, I say I would have heard him.
past the red spire of sanctuary
this clonic earth
 Whether it be a good product or a bad product he was selling a product
I sleep little and that little by day.
I null she royal hulk
see-saw she is blurred in sleep
 I have no clue what its going to take to change that said White
Oh not systematically, in my life without end I have dabbled with every kind of sleep, but at the time now coming back to me I took my doze in the daytime and, what is more, in the morning.
hasten to the violet lamp to the thin K’in music of the bawd.
she is fat half dead the rest is free-wheeling
 I would say I made a mistake and I would never ever go back
Let me hear nothing of the moon, in my night there is no moon, and if it happens that I speak of the stars it is by mistake.
She stands before me in the bright stall
part the black shag the pelt
 I would never recommend anyone to take that route
Now of all the noises that night not one was of those heavy uncertain steps, or of that club with which he sometimes smote the earth until it quaked.
sustaining the jade splinters
is ashen woad
Trial date is set for Balco case
How agreeable it is to be confirmed, after a more or less long period of vacillation, in one’s first impressions.
the scarred signaculum of purity quiet
snarl and howl in the wood wake all the birds
 A firm decision on whether the trial takes place is expected in January
Perhaps that is what tempers the pangs of death.
the eyes the eyes black till the plagal east
hound the harlots out of the ferns
Radcliffe eyes hard line on drugs
Not that I was so conclusively, I mean confirmed, in my first impressions with regard to—wait—C.
shall resolve the long night phrase.
this damfool twilight threshing in the brake
Kenteris denies faking road crash
For the wagons and carts which a little before dawn went thundering by, on their way to market with fruit, eggs, butter and perhaps cheese, in one of these perhaps he would have been found, overcome by fatigue or discouragement, perhaps even dead.
Then, as a scroll, folded,
bleating to be bloodied
 Part of the investigation has centred on whether they staged the crash
Or he might have gone back to the town by another way too far away for me to hear its sounds, or by little paths through the fields, crushing the silent grass, pounding the silent ground.
and the glory of her dissolution enlarged
this crapulent hush
 Kenteris insisted The accident happened
And so at last I came out of that distant night, divided between the murmurs of my little world, its dutiful confusions, and those so different (so different?)
in me, Habbakuk, mard of all sinners.
tear its heart out
 A prosecution means that the case will be cleared
of all that between two suns abides and passes away.
Schopenhauer is dead, the bawd
in her dreams she trembles again
 I want to go to the end and then well see whos right and who isnt
Never once a human voice.
puts her lute away.
way back in the dark old days panting
 I had even rehearsed lighting the cauldron he said
But the cows, when the peasants passed, crying in vain to be milked.
Sanies I
in the claws of the Pins in the stress of her hour
Greek pair set for hearing
A and C I never saw again.
all the livelong way this day of sweet showers from Portrane on the seashore
the bag writhes she thinks she is dying
 They also missed tests in Tel Aviv Chicago and Athens before the Games
But perhaps I shall see them again.
Donabate sad swans of Turvey Swords
the light fails it is time to lie down
 But there has been speculation that the charges could be dropped
But shall I be able to recognize them?
pounding along in three ratios like a sonata
Clew Bay vat of xanthic flowers
Jones files Conte lawsuit
And am I sure I never saw them again?
like a Ritter with pommelled scrotum atra cura on the step
Croagh Patrick waned Hindu to spite a pilgrim
 Jones won three gold medals and two bronzes in Sydney in 
And what do I mean by seeing and seeing again?
Botticelli from the fork down pestling the transmission
she takes me up on to a watershed
 Contes statements the suit added were false and malicious
An instant of silence, as when the conductor taps on his stand, raises his arms, before the unanswerable clamour.
tires bleeding voiding zeep the highway
whence like the rubrics of a childhood
 Mr Contes statements have been wildly contradictory
Smoke, sticks, flesh, hair, at evening, afar, flung about the craving for a fellow.
all heaven in the sphincter
behold Meath shining through a chink in the hills
Mr Conte is simply not credible
I know how to summon these rags to cover my shame.
the sphincter
posses of larches there is no going back on
IAAF awaits Greek pairs response
I wonder what that means.
müüüüüüüde now
a rout of tracks and streams fleeing to the sea
 Under IAAF rules the athletes could receive a maximum oneyear suspension
But I shall not always be in need.
potwalloping now through the promenaders
kindergartens of steeples and then the harbour
No date for the trial has yet been set and again Tzekos is also facing charges
But talking of the craving for a fellow let me observe that having waked between eleven o’clock and midday (I heard the angelus, recalling the incarnation, shortly after) I resolved to go and see my mother.
this trusty all-steel this super-real
like a woman making to cover her breasts
IAAF to rule on Greek sprint pair
I needed, before I could resolve to go and see that woman, reasons of an urgent nature, and with such reasons, since I did not know what to do, or where to go, it was child’s play for me, the play of an only child, to fill my mind until it was rid of all other preoccupation and I seized with a trembling at the mere idea of being hindered from going there, I mean to my mother, there and then.
bound for home like a good boy
and left me
 Kenteris and Thanou could be suspended for up to two years
So I got up, adjusted my crutches and went down to the road, where I found my bicycle (I didn’t know I had one) in the same place I must have left it.
where I was born with a pop with the green of the larches
with whatever trust of panic we went out
Holmes starts  with GB events
Which enables me to remark that, crippled though I was, I was no mean cyclist, at that period.
ah to be back in the caul now with no trusts
with so much shall we return
Kelly Holmes will start  with a series of races in Britain
This is how I went about it.
no fingers no spoilt love
there shall be no loss of panic between a man and his dog
 I am still competitive and still want to win she said
I fastened my crutches to the crossbar, one on either side, I propped the foot of my stiff leg (I forget which, now they’re both stiff) on the projecting front axle, and I pedalled with the other.
belting along in the meantime clutching the bike
bitch though he be
 Im an athlete and I cant wait to get back on the track
It was a chainless bicycle, with a free-wheel, if such a bicycle exists.
the billows of the nubile the cere wrack
sodden packet of Churchman
Gebrselassie in London triple bid
Dear bicycle, I shall not call you bike, you were green, like so many of your generation, I don’t know why.
pot-valiant caulless waisted in rags hatless
muzzling the cairn
 He was third in London in  in his first serious attempt at the marathon
It is a pleasure to meet it again.
for mamma papa chicken and ham
it is worse than dream
Thanou bullish over drugs hearing
To describe it at length would be a pleasure.
warm Grave too say the word
the light randy slut can’t be easy
 After five months we finally had the chance to give explanations
It had a little red horn instead of the bell fashionable in your days.
happy days snap the stem shed a tear
this clonic earth
 I am confident and optimistic said Thanou
To blow this horn was for me a real pleasure, almost a vice.
this day Spy Wedsday seven pentades past
all these phantoms shuddering out of focus
 We presented new evidence to the committee that they were not aware of
I will go further and declare that if I were obliged to record, in a roll of honour, those activities which in the course of my interminable existence have given me only a mild pain in the balls, the blowing of a rubber horn—toot!—would figure among the first.
oh the larches the pain drawn like a cork
it is useless to close the eyes
 We are almost certain that the charges will be dropped said Ioanidis
And when I had to part from my bicycle I took off the horn and kept it about me.
the glans he took the day off up hill and down dale
all the chords of the earth broken like a woman pianist’s
We believe that we have presented a case that the charges are unreasonable
I believe I have it still, somewhere, and if I blow it no more it is because it has gone dumb.
with a ponderous fawn from the Liverpool London and Globe
the toads abroad again on their rounds
 Thanous coach Christos Tzekos was also suspended by the IAAF
Even motor-cars have no horns nowadays, as I understand the thing, or rarely.
back the shadows lengthen the sycomores are sobbing
sidling up to their snares
 We did not leave any gaps
When I see one, through the lowered window of a stationary car, I often stop and blow it.
to roly-poly oh to me a spanking boy
the fairy-tales of Meath ended
 I estimate that the final ruling will be issued by the end of February
This should all be rewritten in the pluperfect.
buckets of fizz childbed is thirsty work
so say your prayers now and go to bed
Holmes is hit by hamstring injury
What a rest to speak of bicycles and horns.
for the midwife he is gory
your prayers before the lamps start to sing behind the larches
 Holmes will have now have intensive treatment in South Africa
Unfortunately it is not of them I have to speak, but of her who brought me into the world, through the hole in her arse if my memory is correct.
for the proud parent he washes down a gob of gladness
here at these knees of stone
Kluft impressed by Sotherton form
First taste of the shit.
for footsore Achates also he pants his pleasure
then to bye-bye on the bones
 She looked very good early in the season and was competing really well
So I shall only add that every hundred yards or so I stopped to rest my legs, the good one as well as the bad, and not only my legs, not only my legs.
sparkling beestings for me
Serena III
What now for Kelly Holmes
I didn’t properly speaking get down off the machine, I remained astride it, my feet on the ground, my arms on the handlebars, my head on my arms, and I waited until I felt better.
tired now hair ebbing gums ebbing ebbing home
fix this pothook of beauty on this palette
 But alarm bells start ringing when the Kent athlete begins questioning herself
But before I leave this earthly paradise, suspended between the mountains and the sea, sheltered from certain winds and exposed to all that Auster vents, in the way of scents and languors, on this accursed country, it would ill become me not to mention the awful cries of the corncrakes that run in the corn, in the meadows, all the short summer night long, dinning their rattles.
good as gold now in the prime after a brief prodigality
you never know it might be final
 That is what I dont know
And this enables me, what is more, to know when that unreal journey began, the second last but one of a form fading among fading forms, and which I here declare without further ado to have begun in the second or third week of June, at the moment that is to say most painful of all when over what is called our hemisphere the sun is at its pitilessmost and the arctic radiance comes pissing on our midnights.
yea and suave
or leave her she is paradise and then
 At  Holmes will also be aware that time is running out
It is then the corncrakes are heard.
suave urbane beyond good and evil
plush hymens on your eyeballs
 Holmes will not want to needlessly suffer the indignity of being beaten
My mother never refused to see me, that is she never refused to receive me, for it was many a long day since she had seen anything at all.
biding my time without rancour you may take your oath
In this will I be cut off from all my loved ones
 I think deep down Kelly wants to run
I shall try and speak calmly.
distraught half-crooked courting the sneers of these fauns these smart nymphs
and from every part of the globe
 After her Olympic glory she emphatically denied she planned to retire
We were so old, she and I, she had had me so young, that we were like a couple of old cronies, sexless, unrelated, with the same memories, the same rancours, the same expectations.
clipped like a pederast as to one trouser-end
unborn through the bright ways tremble
 Shes always been like that
She never called me son, fortunately, I couldn’t have borne it, but Dan, I don’t know why, my name is not Dan.
sucking in my bloated lantern behind a Wild Woodbine
and the old mind ghost-forsaken
 She enjoys people trying to guess what she is going to do next
Dan was my father’s name perhaps, yes, perhaps she took me for my father.
cinched to death in a filthy slicker
sink into its havoc
 She knows every time she makes a pronouncement now its headline news
I took her for my mother and she took me for my father.
flinging the proud Swift forward breasting the swell of Stürmers
my way is in the sand flowing
Gardener battles to narrow win
Dan, you remember the day I saved the swallow.
I see main verb at last
between the shingle and the dune
 It was a close race admitted Gardener
Dan, you remember the day you buried the ring.
her whom alone in the accusative
the summer rain rains on my life
 I stumbled out the blocks but my experience told through
I remembered, I remembered, I mean I knew more or less what she was talking about, and if I hadn’t always taken part personally in the scenes she evoked, it was just as if I had.
I have dismounted to love
on me my life harrying fleeing
 I still feel theres more life in me and I believe I can go faster
I called her Mag, when I had to call her something.
gliding towards me dauntless nautch-girl on the face of the waters
to its beginning to its end
 onehundreth of a second faster than Gardeners previous mark
And I called her Mag because for me, without my knowing why, the letter g abolished the syllable Ma, and as it were spat on it, better than any other letter would have done.
dauntless daughter of desires in the old black and flamingo
my peace is there in the receding mist
 Favourite
And at the same time I satisfied a deep and doubtless unacknowledged need, the need to have a Ma, that is a mother, and to proclaim it, audibly.
get along with you now take the six the seven the eight or the little single-decker
when I may cease from treading these long shifting thresholds
delivered a powerful performance to take the womens m title in 
For before you say mag you say ma, inevitably.
take a bus for all I care walk cadge a lift
and live the space of a door
 seconds
And da, in my part of the world, means father.
home to the cob of your web in Holles Street
that opens and shuts
was on recordbreaking form as she stormed to the womens m hurdles crown
Besides for me the question did not arise, at the period I’m worming into now, I mean the question of whether to call her Ma, Mag or the Countess Caca, she having for countless years been as deaf as a post.
and let the tiger go on smiling
what would I do without this world faceless incurious
 seconds to finish ahead of rival Diane Allahgreen
I think she was quite incontinent, both of faeces and water, but a kind of prudishness made us avoid the subject when we met, and I could never be certain of it.
in our hearts that funds ways home
where to be lasts but an instant where every instant
 Im so happy a tearful Claxton told BBC Sport
In any case it can’t have amounted to much, a few niggardly wetted goat-droppings every two or three days.
Sanies II
spills in the void the ignorance of having been
 All the years Ive been running and Im getting recognition
The room smelt of ammonia, oh not merely of ammonia, but of ammonia, ammonia.
there was a happy land
without this wave where in the end
 Claxtons time was also good enough to qualify for the European Championships
She knew it was me, by my smell.
the American Bar
body and shadow together are engulfed
The mens m went to form in Sheffield as
Her shrunken hairy old face lit up, she was happy to smell me.
in Rue Mouffetard
what would I do without this silence where the murmurs die
dominated the race from start to finish
She jabbered away with a rattle of dentures and most of the time didn’t realize what she was saying.
there were red eggs there
the pantings the frenzies towards succour towards love
 seconds
Anyone but myself would have been lost in this clattering gabble, which can only have stopped during her brief instants of unconsciousness.
I have a dirty I say henorrhoids
without this sky that soars
 Both McIlory and Watkins who set a lifetime best of 
In any case I didn’t come to listen to her.
coming from the bath
above its ballast dust
 Olympic bronze heptathlon medallist
I got into communication with her by knocking on her skull.
the steam the delight the sherbet
what would I do without this sky that soars
rounded off a useful weekend with two more personal bests in Sheffield
One knock meant yes, two no, three I don’t know, four money, five goodbye.
the chagrin of the old skinnymalinks
above its ballast dust
 The yearold reached 
I was hard put to ram this code into her ruined and frantic understanding, but I did it, in the end.
slouching happy body
what would I do what I did yesterday and the day before
m in the high jump and clocked 
That she should confuse yes, no, I don’t know and goodbye, was all the same to me, I confused them myself.
loose in my stinking old suit
peering out of my deadlight looking for another
secs in the heats of the m hurdles
But that she should associate the four knocks with anything but money was something to be avoided at all costs.
sailing slouching up to Puvis the gauntlet of tulips
wandering like me eddying far from all the living
 Ive surprised myself said Sotherton
During the period of training therefore, at the same time as I administered the four knocks on her skull, I stuck a bank-note under her nose or in her mouth.
lash lash me with yaller tulips I will let down
in a convulsive space
 Pole vaulter
In the innocence of my heart!
my stinking old trousers
among the raging tempestors
made a winning return to major competition after a drugs ban
For she seemed to have lost, if not absolutely all notion of mensuration, at least the faculty of counting beyond two.
my love she sewed up the pockets alive the live-oh she did she said that was better
among the horns that will thunder
also set a new championship mark in the mens triple jump title in Sheffield
It was too far for her, yes, the distance was too great, from one to four.
spotless then within the brown rags gliding
only behind my bare back the hulk
 The yearold who has been training in Australia over the winter landed 
By the time she came to the fourth knock she imagined she was only at the second, the first two having been erased from her memory as completely as if they had never been felt, though I don’t quite see how something never felt can be erased from the memory, and yet it is a common occurrence.
frescoward free up the fjord of dyed eggs and thongbells
tired of my darling’s red sputum
m with his final effort  the longest leap in the world this year
She must have thought I was saying no to her all the time, whereas nothing was further from my purpose.
I disappear don’t you know into the local
from the Portobello Private Nursing Home
 I didnt have a clue said Idowu
Enlightened by these considerations I looked for and finally found a more effective means of putting the idea of money into her head.
the mackerel are at billiards there they are crying the scores
its secret things
 Ive not jumped indoors before and I just wanted the qualifying mark
This consisted in replacing the four knocks of my index-knuckle by one or more (according to my needs) thumps of the fist, on her skull.
the Barfrau makes a big impression with her mighty bottom
and toil to the crest of the surge of the steep perilous bridge
m in second while Jonathan Moore took third
That she understood.
Dante and blissful Beatrice are there
and lapse down blankly under the scream of the hoarding
 Commonwealth champion Morgan reached a personal best of 
In any case I didn’t come for money.
prior to Vita Nuova
round the bright stiff banner of the hoarding
m on his very first jump and then promptly retired with a bruised heel
I took her money, but I didn’t come for that.
the balls splash no luck comrade
into a black west
 The yearold ran a personal best of 
My mother.
Gracieuse is there Belle-Belle down the drain
throttled with clouds.
 seconds to win her first indoor title
I don’t think too harshly of her.
booted Percinet with his cobalt jowl
Above the mansions the algum-trees
 Irelands
I know she did all she could not to have me, except of course the one thing, and if she never succeeded in getting me unstuck, it was that fate had earmarked me for less compassionate sewers.
they are necking gobble-gobble
the mountains
took the mens title in 
But it was well-meant and that’s enough for me.
suck is not suck that alters
my skull sullenly
 ahead of promising Channel Islands decathlete Dale Garland
No, it is not enough for me, but I give her credit, though she is my mother, for what she tried to do for me.
lo Alighieri has got off au revoir to all that
clot of anger
cleared the required 
And I forgive her for having jostled me a little in the first months and spoiled the only endurable, just endurable, period of my enormous history.
I break down quite in a titter of despite
skewered aloft strangled in the cang of the wind
 In the mens m
And I also give her credit for not having done it again, thanks to me, or for having stopped in time, when she did.
hark
bites like a dog against its chastisement.
powered to a new personal best of seven minutes 
And if ever I’m reduced to looking for a meaning to my life, you never can tell, it’s in that old mess I’ll stick my nose to begin with, the mess of that poor old uniparous whore and myself the last of my foul brood, neither man nor beast.
upon the saloon a terrible hush
I trundle along rapidly now on my ruined feet
 seconds to defend his AAAs title in style
I should add, before I get down to the facts, you’d swear they were facts, of that distant summer afternoon, that with this deaf blind impotent mad old woman, who called me Dan and whom I called Mag, and with her alone, I—no, I can’t say it.
a shiver convulses Madame de la Motte
flush with the livid canal;
took the womens m AAAs title in the absence of Kelly Holmes
That is to say I could say it but I won’t say it, yes, I could say it easily, because it wouldn’t be true.
it courses it peals down her collops
at Parnell Bridge a dying barge
 Her time of 
What did I see of her?
the great bottom foams into stillness
carrying a cargo of nails and timber
 The mens race was won by
A head always, the hands sometimes, the arms rarely.
quick quick the cavaletto supplejacks for mumbo-jumbo
rocks itself softly in the foaming cloister of the lock;
 who had to fight off a closing pack to claim the title in 
A head always.
vivas puellas mortui incurrrrrsant boves
on the far bank a gang of down and outs would seem to be mending a beam.
European medal chances improve
Veiled with hair, wrinkles, filth, slobber.
oh subito subito ere she recover the cang bamboo for bastinado
Then for miles only wind
m which puts him at the top of the world rankings
A head that darkened the air.
a bitter moon fessade à la mode
and the weals creeping alongside on the water
 It wasnt all good news in Sheffield
Not that seeing matters, but it’s something to go on with.
oh Becky spare me I have done thee no wrong spare me damn thee
and the world opening up to the south
 I thought both the m races were disappointing in different ways
It was I who took the key from under the pillow, who took the money out of the drawer, who put the key back under the pillow.
spare me good Becky
across a travesty of champaign to the mountains
 Jason Gardener may have won but he wasnt at his best
But I didn’t come for money.
call off thine adders Becky I will compensate thee in full
and the stillborn evening turning a filthy green
 I chatted to him afterwards and he knows it was an offday for him
I think there was a woman who came each week.
Lord have mercy upon
manuring the night fungus
 Hes there to be shot at and the other lads nearly got a big scalp out there
Once I touched with my lips, vaguely, hastily, that little grey wizened pear.
Christ have mercy upon us
and the mind annulled
 If she had made the final I think Jeanette would have gone a bit quicker
Pah.
Lord have mercy upon us
wrecked in wind.
 So we shall have to see what happens to both of them
Did that please her?
Serena I
I splashed past a little wearish old man,
McIlroy wins m indoor title
I don’t know.
without the grand old British Museum
Democritus,
 seconds
Her babble stopped for a second, then began again.
Thales and the Aretino
scuttling along between a crutch and a stick,
 which left her in third place
Perhaps she said to herself, Pah.
on the bosom of the Regent’s Park the phlox
his stump caught up horribly, like a claw, under his breech, smoking.
 Gillick was more than halfasecond clear when taking gold in 
I smelt a terrible smell.
crackles under the thunder
Then because a field on the left went up in a sudden blaze
 outside his personal best set in Saturdays semifinals
It must have come from the bowels.
scarlet beauty in our world dead fish adrift
of shouting and urgent whistling and scarlet and blue ganzies
The Irishman is now the fastest European this season
Odour of antiquity.
all things full of gods
I stopped and climbed the bank to see the game.
 Derval ORourke broke her own Irish m hurdles record by clocking 
Oh I’m not criticizing her, I don’t diffuse the perfumes of Araby myself.
pressed down and bleeding
A child fidgeting at the gate called up:
 which left her third behind new British record holder Sarah Claxton 
Shall I describe the room?
a weaver-bird is tangerine the harpy is past caring
‘Would we be let in Mister?’
 James Nolan 
No.
the condor likewise in his mangy boa
‘Certainly’ I said ‘you would.’
 took second in the mens m behind Neil Speaight 
I shall have occasion to do so later perhaps.
they stare out across monkey-hill the elephants
But, afraid, he set off down the road.
 but the Offaly man was outside the European Indoor standard
When I seek refuge there, bet to the world, all shame drunk, my prick in my rectum, who knows.
Ireland
‘Well’ I called after him ‘why wouldn’t you go on in?’
 Colin Costello was seventh in the m final in 
Good.
the light creeps down their old home canyon
‘Oh’ he said, knowingly,
 Deirdre Ryan was second in the womens high jump with a clearance of 
Now that we know where we’re going, let’s go there.
sucks me aloof to that old reliable
‘I was in that field before and I got put out.’
m while Aoife Byrne took silver in the m in a personal best of 
It’s so nice to know where you’re going, in the early stages.
the burning btm of George the drill
So on,
 Lisburns Kelly McNeice Reid 
It almost rids you of the wish to go there.
ah across the way a adder
derelict,
 was seventh in the womens m while Gary Murray 
I was distraught, who am so seldom distraught, from what should I be distraught, and as to my motions even more uncertain than usual.
broaches her rat
as from a bush of gorse on fire in the mountain after dark,
 was th in the mens m
The night must have tired me, at least weakened me, and the sun, hoisting itself higher and higher in the east, had poisoned me, while I slept.
white as snow
or in Sumatra the jungle hymen.
 Cairns came in ahead of Paul Rowan and Allan Bogle in the mens race
I ought to have put the bulk of the rock between it and me before closing my eyes.
in her dazzling oven strom of peristalsis
Next:
Johnson edges out rival Sotherton
I confuse east and west, the poles too, I invert them readily.
limae labor
a lamentable family of grey verminous hens,
m  a personal best
I was out of sorts.
ah father father that art in heaven
perishing out in the sunk field,
m in her last jump after four fouls
They are deep, my sorts, a deep ditch, and I am not often out of them.
I find me taking the Crystal Palace
trembling, half asleep, against the closed door of a shed,
 Both Johnson and Sotherton passed the European Championships qualifying mark
That’s why I mention it.
for the Blessed Isles from Primrose Hill
with no means of roosting.
 Irelands
Nevertheless I covered several miles and found myself under the ramparts.
alas I must be that kind of person
The great mushy toadstool,
 seconds
There I dismounted in compliance with the regulations.
hence in Ken Wood who shall find me
green-black,
 There was some consolation for Lambert as he set a personal best of 
Yes, cyclists entering and leaving town are required by the police to dismount, cars to go into bottom gear and horse-drawn vehicles to slow down to a walk.
my breath held in the midst of thickets
oozing up after me,
 in the first round  good enough to qualify for Europe
The reason for this regulation is I think this, that the ways into and of course out of this town are narrow and darkened by enormous vaults, without exception.
none but the most quarried lovers
soaking up the tattered sky like an ink of pestilence,
 There was plenty of hot action in the mens m hurdles where Scotlands
It is a good rule and I observe it religiously, in spite of the difficulty I have in advancing on my crutches pushing my bicycle at the same time.
I surprise me moved by the many a funnel hinged
in my skull the wind going fetid,
was vying for top spot with Olympian Andy Turner
I managed somehow.
for the obeisance to Tower Bridge
the water …
 seconds
Being ingenious.
the viper’s curtsy to and from the City
Next:
 Turner finished second in 
Thus we cleared these difficult straits, my bicycle and I, together.
till in the dusk a lighter
on the hill down from the Fox and Ge
 after previously setting a personal best on the 
But a little further on I heard myself hailed.
blind with pride
by the number one rescuer
 in the semifinals while Damien Greaves did not finish the final
I raised my head and saw a policeman.
tosses aside the scarf of the bascules
the proud parent of
comfortably defended her m title clocking eight minutes 
Elliptically speaking, for it was only later, by way of induction, or deduction, I forget which, that I knew what it was.
then in the grey hold of the ambulance
girls and young women
 seconds to easily surpass the European qualifying mark
What are you doing there?
throbbing on the brink ebb of sighs
girls and young men
 Helen Clitheroe was agonisingly close to the 
he said.
then I hug me below among the canaille
who have no more for the land
 In the mens m heats
I’m used to that question, I understood it immediately.
until a guttersnipe blast his cernèd eyes
and the glass
qualified fastest in the m heats to lay down a challenge to inform
Resting, I said.
demanding ’ave I done with the Mirror
shining
 seconds
Resting, he said.
I stump off in a fearful rage under Married Men’s Quarters
above the glens
 to set up a showdown in Sundays final in Sheffield
Resting, I said.
Bloody Tower
and the left bank
 Both Watkins and McIlroy have already achieved the European qualifying mark
Will you answer my question?
and afar off at all speed screw me up Wren’s giant bully
demanding …
 Scotlands Susan Deacon stole
he cried.
and curse the day caged panting on the platform
(Leider … mürch … … … … … … … … … … …
s thunder in the final of the womens m
So it always is when I’m reduced to confabulation, I honestly believe I have answered the question I am asked and in reality I do nothing of the kind.
under the flaring urn
Next:
 seconds  though that time is outside the European standard
I won’t reconstruct the conversation in all its meanderings.
I was not born Defoe
on the hill down from the Fox and Geese into Chapelizod
 In the womens shot put veteran
It ended in my understanding that my way of resting, my attitude when at rest, astride my bicycle, my arms on the handlebars, my head on my arms, was a violation of I don’t know what, public order, public decency.
but in Ken Wood
a small malevolent goat
claimed her fourth AAAs title with a throw of 
Modestly I pointed to my crutches and ventured one or two noises regarding my infirmity, which obliged me to rest as I could, rather than as I should.
who shall find me
impassible behind his pia
 Sotherton finished fifth after producing two throws of 
But there are not two laws, that was the next thing I thought I understood, not two laws, one for the healthy, another for the sick, but one only to which all must bow, rich and poor, young and old, happy and sad.
my brother the fly
and voiding all sense
 In the absence of injured British number one Carl Myerscough
He was eloquent.
the common housefly
of itself
claimed the mens shot put title with a throw of 
I pointed out that I was not sad.
sidling out of darkness into light
sailing slouching
m which was below the qualifying mark
That was a mistake.
fastens on his place in the sun
flush the surge of the livid mamma against the dune
Sales Robert Mitchell climbed to a seasons best of 
Your papers, he said, I knew it a moment later.
whets his six legs
too late to darken the sky
could only clear 
Not at all, I said, not at all.
revels in his planes his poisers
under the tulips of the evening
 There was bad luck for British number one
Your papers!
it is the autumn of his life
stooping to the prone who must
in the pole vault as he failed to clear the bar after deciding to come in at 
he cried.
he could not serve typhoid and mammon
soon take up their life and walk
m And Irelands Taniesha Scanlon set a new national record of 
Ah my papers.
Serena II
carry on their feet
m in the womens triple jump
Now the only papers I carry with me are bits of newspaper, to wipe myself, you understand, when I have a stool.
this clonic earth
carry on their mouths
Brizzel to run AAAs in Sheffield
Oh I don’t say I wipe myself every time I have a stool, no, but I like to be in a position to do so, if I have to.
see-saw she is blurred in sleep
carry on their stirps
 Brizzel will defend his m title in the British trials
Nothing strange about that, it seems to me.
she is fat half dead the rest is free-wheeling
carry on their spirits
 McIlroy has been in tremendous form on the European circuit in recent weeks
In a panic I took this paper from my pocket and thrust it under his nose.
part the black shag the pelt
carry on their spirits
Holmes urged to compete at Worlds
The weather was fine.
is ashen woad
Enueg I
 There is only excitement at what might happen
We took the little side streets, quiet, sunlit, I springing along between my crutches, he pushing my bicycle, with the tips of his white-gloved fingers.
snarl and howl in the wood wake all the birds
Exeo in a spasm
 It is good for the sport
I wasn’t—I didn’t feel unhappy.
hound the harlots out of the ferns
tired of my darling’s red sputum
 She always fetches the best out of everyone
I stopped a moment, I made so bold, to lift my hand and touch the crown of my hat.
this damfool twilight threshing in the brake
from the Portobello Private Nursing Home
 That is the sort of competition that I like
It was scorching.
bleating to be bloodied
its secret things
 She is special to me
I felt the faces turning to look after us, calm faces and joyful faces, faces of men, of women and of children.
this crapulent hush
and toil to the crest of the surge of the surge of the steep perilous bridge
 She was like my idol from the beginning of my career
I seemed to hear, at a certain moment, a distant music.
tear its heart out
and lapse down blankly under the scream of the hoarding
McIlroy continues winning streak
I stopped, the better to listen.
in her dreams she trembles again
round the bright stiff banner of the hoarding
The Northern Ireland runner set a new personal best of one minute 
Go on, he said.
way back in the dark old days panting
into a black west
 Im qualified now and thats what matters most said the yearold
Listen, I said.
in the claws of the Pins in the stress of her hour
throttled with clouds.
 seconds
Get on, he said.
the bag writhes she thinks she is dying
Above the mansions the algum-trees
Radcliffe will compete in London
I wasn’t allowed to listen to the music.
the light fails it is time to lie down
the mountains
 But the yearold bounced back to win the New York Marathon in November
It might have drawn a crowd.
Clew Bay vat of xanthic flowers
my skull sullenly
 I dont pick races thinking about things like pressure
He gave me a shove.
Croagh Patrick waned Hindu to spite a pilgrim
clot of anger
 I pick the ones in my heart I really want to do
I had been touched, oh not my skin, but none the less my skin had felt it, it had felt a man’s hard fist, through its coverings.
she is ready she has lain down above all the islands of glory
skewered aloft strangled in the cang of the wind
 It is also the th anniversary this year which adds to the occasion
While still putting my best foot foremost I gave myself up to that golden moment, as if I had been someone else.
straining now this Sabbath evening of garlands
bites like a dog against its chastisement.
Britain boosted by Holmes double
It was the hour of rest, the forenoon’s toil ended, the afternoon’s to come.
with a yo-heave-ho of able-bodied swans
I trundle along rapidly now on my ruined feet
 Britains mens xm relay team also did their bit by taking a shock gold
The wisest perhaps, lying in the squares or sitting on their doorsteps, were savouring its languid ending, forgetful of recent cares, indifferent to those at hand.
out from the doomed land their reefs of tresses
flush with the livid canal;
 Just five days later the yearold made it double gold in the m
Others on the contrary were using it to hatch their plans, their heads in their hands.
in a hag she drops her young
at Parnell Bridge a dying barge
 seconds
Was there one among them to put himself in my place, to feel how removed I was then from him I seemed to be, and in that remove what strain, as of hawsers about to snap?
the whales in Blacksod Bay are dancing
carrying a cargo of nails and timber
 Sadly the  Olympics did not escape the problems of drugs misuse
It’s possible.
the asphodels come running the flags after
rocks itself softly in the foaming cloister of the lock;
 Her rivalry with compatriot Svetlana Feofanova livened up the field events
Yes, I was straining towards those spurious deeps, their lying promise of gravity and peace, from all my old poisons I struggled towards them, safely bound.
she thinks she is dying she is ashamed
on the far bank a gang of down and outs would seem to be mending a beam.
LewisFrancis eyeing world gold
Under the blue sky, under the watchful gaze.
she took me up on to a watershed
Then for miles only wind
 It can happen I dont see why not he said
Forgetful of my mother, set free from the act, merged in this alien hour, saying, Respite, respite.
whence like the rubrics of a childhood
and the weals creeping alongside on the water
GB select Holmes for double bid
At the police-station I was haled before a very strange official.
behold Meath shining through a chink in the hills
and the world opening up to the south
 But UK Athletics chief Max Jones believes it is likely Holmes will race
Dressed in plain-clothes, in his shirt-sleeves, he was sprawling in an arm-chair, his feet on his desk, a straw hat on his head and protruding from his mouth a thin flexible object I could not identify.
posses of larches there is no going back on
across a travesty of champaign to the mountains
 He said Its worth a punt isnt it Shes gone back to training
I had time to become aware of these details before he dismissed me.
a rout of tracks and streams fleeing to the sea
and the stillborn evening turning a filthy green
 If shes confident she will pick one distance
He listened to his subordinate’s report and then began to interrogate me in a tone which, from the point of view of civility, left increasingly to be desired, in my opinion.
kindergartens of steeples and then the harbour
manuring the night fungus
 The programme does not permit both
Between his questions and my answers, I mean those deserving of consideration, the intervals were more or less long and turbulent.
like a woman making to cover her breasts
and the mind annulled
 I am inclined to think she will compete
I am so little used to being asked anything that when I am asked something I take some time to know what.
and left me
wrecked in wind.
 It could depend on how training goes and she will have to be close to top form
And the mistake I make then is this, that instead of quietly reflecting on what I have just heard, and heard distinctly, not being hard of hearing, in spite of all I have heard, I hasten to answer blindly, fearing perhaps lest my silence fan their anger to fury.
with whatever trust of panic we went out
I splashed past a little wearish old man,
 She is a very good team member and is very good to have there he added
I am full of fear, I have gone in fear all my life, in fear of blows.
with so much shall we return
Democritus,
 There are  newcomers at this level of competition in GBs strong team
Insults, abuse, these I can easily bear, but I could never get used to blows.
there shall be no loss of panic between a man and his dog
scuttling along between a crutch and a stick,
T Abeyie Woodford Green with Essex Ladies C Lambert Belgrave Harriers
It’s strange.
bitch though he be
his stump caught up horribly, like a claw, under his breech, smoking.
D Garland Channel Islands AC
Even spits still pain me.
sodden packet of Churchman
Then because a field on the left went up in a sudden blaze
J McIlroy Windsor Slough Eton and Hounslow AC Jimmy Watkins Cardiff AAC
But they have only to be a little gentle, I mean refrain from hitting me, and I seldom fail to give satisfaction, in the long run.
muzzling the cairn
of shouting and urgent whistling and scarlet and blue ganzies
B Challenger Belgrave Harriers
Now the sergeant, content to threaten me with a cylindrical ruler, was little by little rewarded for his pains by the discovery that I had no papers in the sense this word had a sense for him, nor any occupation, nor any domicile, that my surname escaped me for the moment and that I was on my way to my mother, whose charity kept me dying.
it is worse than dream
I stopped and climbed the bank to see the game.
 Pole vault N Buckfield Crawley AC
As to her address, I was in the dark, but knew how to get there, even in the dark.
the light randy slut can’t be easy
A child fidgeting at the gate called up:
N Morgan Birchfield Harriers C Tomlinson Newham and Essex Beagles
The district?
this clonic earth
‘Would we be let in Mister?’
K Wall Basildon AC
By the shambles, your honour, for from my mother’s room, through the closed windows, I had heard, stilling her chatter, the bellowing of the cattle, that violent raucous tremulous bellowing not of the pastures but of the towns, their shambles and cattle-markets.
all these phantoms shuddering out of focus
‘Certainly’ I said ‘you would.’
K Holmes Ealing Southall and Middlesex AC
Yes, after all, I had perhaps gone too far in saying that my mother lived near the shambles, it could equally well have been the cattle-market, near which she lived.
it is useless to close the eyes
But, afraid, he set off down the road.
H Clitheroe Preston Harriers K Holmes Ealing Southall and Middlesex AC
Never mind, said the sergeant, it’s the same district.
all the chords of the earth broken like a woman pianist’s
‘Well’ I called after him ‘why wouldn’t you go on in?’
J Pavey Exeter Harriers
I took advantage of the silence which followed these kind words to turn towards the window, blindly or nearly, for I had closed my eyes, proffering to that blandness of blue and gold my face and neck alone, and my mind empty too, or nearly, for I must have been wondering if I did not feel like sitting down, after such a long time standing, and remembering what I had learnt in that connection, namely that the sitting posture was not for me any more, because of my short stiff leg, and that there were only two postures for me any more, the vertical, drooping between my crutches, sleeping on my feet, and the horizontal, down on the ground.
the toads abroad again on their rounds
‘Oh’ he said, knowingly,
D Allahgreen Trafford AC S Claxton Belgrave Harriers
And yet the desire to sit down came upon me from time to time, back upon me from a vanished world.
sidling up to their snares
‘I was in that field before and I got put out.’
J Crane Sale Harriers Manchester S Jones Trafford AC
And I did not always resist it, forewarned though I was.
the fairy-tales of Meath ended
So on,
J Whitlock Trafford AC
Yes, my mind felt it surely, this tiny sediment, incomprehensibly stirring like grit at the bottom of a puddle, while on my face and great big Adam’s apple the air of summer weighed and the splendid summer sky.
so say your prayers now and go to bed
derelict,
J Johnson Herne Hill Harriers
And suddenly I remembered my name, Molloy.
your prayers before the lamps start to sing behind the larches
as from a bush of gorse on fire in the mountain after dark,
K Sotherton Birchfield Harriers
My name is Molloy, I cried, all of a sudden, now I remember.
here at these knees of stone
or in Sumatra the jungle hymen,
Holmes back on form in Birmingham
Nothing compelled me to give this information, but I gave it, hoping to please I suppose.
then to bye-bye on the bones
the still flagrant rafflesia.
 seconds
They let me keep my hat on, I don’t know why.
Serena III
Next:
 Ill probably be entered and make my mind up at the last minute she said
Is it your mother’s name?
fix this pothook of beauty on this palette
on the hill down from the Fox and Geese into Chapelizod
 My training hasnt gone as well as expected but Ive got two weeks to decide
said the sergeant, it must have been a sergeant.
you never know it might be final
a child fidgeting at the gate called after me ‘why wouldn’t you go on in?’
 I need to take my time and make sure I feel good about what Im doing
Molloy, I cried, my name is Molloy.
or leave her she is paradise and then
‘Oh’ he said, knowingly,
 American
Is that your mother’s name?
plush hymens on your eyeballs
‘I was in that field before and I got put out.’
was the eventual winner of the mens m race which almost ended in farce
said the sergeant.
or on Butt Bridge blush for shame
So on,
 You cant win them all said Gardener afterwards
What?
the mixed declension of those mammae
derelict,
 And I was very disappointed as I know Im capable of doing better
I said.
cock up thy moon thine and thine only
as from a bush of gorse on fire in the mountain after dark,
 Russian
Your name is Molloy, said the sergeant.
up up up to the star of evening
or in Sumatra the jungle hymen,
was back on recordbreaking form in the pole vault at the National Indoor Arena
Yes, I said, now I remember.
swoon upon the arch-gasometer
the still flagrant rafflesia.
The Olympic champion set a new world mark of 
And your mother?
on Misery Hill brand-new carnation
Next:
 It was Isinbayevas th world record  indoors or out  since July 
said the sergeant.
swoon upon the little purple
on the hill down from the Fox and Geese into
 Jamaicas
I didn’t follow.
house of prayer
I see the face in question
stormed to a personal best of 
Is your mother’s name Molloy too?
something heart of Mary
her name is Viola
 seconds to claim the womens m sprint
said the sergeant.
the Bull and Pool Beg that will never meet
her son is in the same boat as she
Jamaican
I thought it over.
not in this world
sees me out of the blue
stretched her unbeaten record to  races as she effortlessly claimed the m
Your mother, said the sergeant, is your mother’s—.
whereas dart away through the cavorting scapes
threatening a wire.
 The Olympic champion set a new indoor personal best of 
Let me think!
bucket o’er Victoria Bridge that’s the idea
She pants her face in shame
 seconds  the fastest time in the world this season
I cried.
slow down slink down the Ringsend Road
and jolts out of her slouch.
 The yearold Briton clocked 
At least I imagine that’s how it was.
Irishtown Sandymount puzzle find the Hell Fire
She fetches up her six o’clock stan Hommes balls and muzzles them.
 Ethiopias
Take your time, said the sergeant.
the Merrion Flats scored with a thrillion sigmas
She makes a sudden accusative sound
 seconds  the fourth fastest time ever recorded for the event
Was mother’s name Molloy?
Jesus Christ Son of God Saviour His Finger
of all foul and sweet flowers
 Kenyan
Very likely.
girls taken strippin that’s the idea
and rages on in the dark
 in Birmingham
Her name must be Molloy too, I said.
on the Bootersgrad breakwind and water
like a woman making to cover her breasts
was still struggling to find his form after the death of his fiancee this year
They took me away, to the guard-room I suppose, and there I was told to sit down.
the tide making the dun gulls in a panic
and as if by magic her magic
 But fellow Ethiopian
I must have tried to explain.
the sands quicken in your hot heart
not only succeeded in making
 Jamaican
I won’t go into it.
hide yourself not in the Rock keep on the move
me but she too had done it.
made the most of a blistering start to take the mens m title in 
I obtained permission, if not to lie down on a bench, at least to remain standing, propped against the wall.
keep on the move
How am I supposed to know that I did not do something
 seconds
The room was dark and full of people hastening to and fro, malefactors, policemen, lawyers, priests and journalists I suppose.
Malacoda
not only a favour to her daughter
 Swede
All that made a dark, dark forms crowding in a dark place.
thrice he came
but also a favour to me too
 The Olympic heptathlon gold medallist reached 
They paid no attention to me and I repaid the compliment.
the undertaker’s man
if I do not make use of it
m to better Johnsons mark of 
Then how could I know they were paying no attention to me, and how could I repay the compliment, since they were paying no attention to me?
impassible behind his scutal bowler
soon will be the appointed hour
m  her second personal best inside a week
I don’t know.
to measure
and the day when I and all the others
 But Im pleased and hopefully Ill get a bit better for the Europeans
I knew it and I did it, that’s all I know.
is he not paid to measure
honourably so-
 I really want to win a medal
But suddenly a woman rose up before me, a big fat woman dressed in black, or rather in mauve.
this incorruptible in the vestibule
upon me my life and thine
won the mens event with a seasons best of 
I still wonder today if it wasn’t the social worker.
this malebranca knee-deep in the lilies
and thine too
m taking the scalp of world indoor champion Savante Stringfellow of the USA
She was holding out to me, on an odd saucer, a mug full of a greyish concoction which must have been green tea with saccharine and powdered milk.
Malacoda knee-deep in the lilies
upon me their lives
Record fails to lift lacklustre meet
Nor was that all, for between mug and saucer a thick slab of dry bread was precariously lodged, so that I began to say, in a kind of anguish, It’s going to fall, it’s going to fall, as if it mattered whether it fell or not.
Malacoda for all the expert awe
3
 She looked good and was very positive
A moment later I myself was holding, in my trembling hands, this little pile of tottering disparates, in which the hard, the liquid and the soft were joined, without understanding how the transfer had been effected.
that felts his perineum mutes his signal
saying again there is a last
 He started well in the final but still could not stay with the frontrunners
Let me tell you this, when social workers offer you, free, gratis and for nothing, something to hinder you from swooning, which with them is an obsession, it is useless to recoil, they will pursue you to the ends of the earth, the vomitory in their hands.
sighing up through the heavy air
even of last times
 My view is youre meant to go when the gun goes and not before
The Salvation Army is no better.
must it be it must be it must be
last times of begging
 Having said that Mark is looking in much better shape
Against the charitable gesture there is no defence, that I know of.
find the weeds engage them in the garden
last times of loving
 seconds  will be under threat at the Europeans
You sink your head, you put out your hands all trembling and twined together and you say, Thank you, thank you lady, thank you kind lady.
hear she may see she need not
of knowing not knowing pretending
 seconds
To him who has nothing it is forbidden not to relish filth.
to coffin
a last even of last times of saying
 She had a go but just could not hang in there
The liquid overflowed, the mug rocked with a noise of chattering teeth, not mine, I had none, and the sodden bread sagged more and more.
with assistant ungulata
if you do not say so you will not say so
 We were also expecting a bit more from Bernard Lagat in the mens m
Until, panic-striken, I flung it all far from me.
find the weeds engage their attention
unless I do
 As for Kenenisa Bekele he was well beaten by Markos Geneti
I did not let it fall, no, but with a convulsive thrust of both my hands I threw it to the ground, where it smashed to smithereens, or against the wall, far from me, with all my strength.
hear she must see she need not
agitated now by a want of vigilant eye
Tomlinson stays focused on Europe
I will not tell what followed, for I am weary of this place, I want to go.
to cover
this metic toga in the pit of the Liffey
 Its nothing serious said his coach Peter Stanley
It was late afternoon when they told me I could go.
to be sure cover cover all over
and gliding
 Sprinter Mark LewisFrancis will also not compete in Madrid on Thursday
I was advised to behave better in future.
your targe allow me hold your sulphur
buckets of fizzling gums are raining on the sky
 The Birmingham athlete who clocked a seasons best of 
Conscious of my wrongs, knowing now the reasons for my arrest, alive to my irregular situation as revealed by the enquiry, I was surprised to find myself so soon at freedom once again, if that is what it was, unpenalized.
divine dogday glass set fair
at the outset of the next day
 The Middlesbrough athlete jumped a seasons best of 
Had I, without my knowledge, a friend at court?
stay Scarmilion stay stay
a sad lamentable oar
Running around the Olympics
Had I, without knowing it, favourably impressed the sergeant?
lay this Huysum on the box
appear as if in their midst a surge of anger were over
 But I still managed to do all my marathon training
Had they succeeded in finding my mother and obtaining from her, or from the neighbours, partial confirmation of my statements?
mind the imago it is he
struck it was not their fault
 I never feel guilty about eating especially when Im exercising
Were they of the opinion that it was useless to prosecute me?
hear she must see she must
an ounce of sense and nonsense were mingling
 One of the IOCs technical staff from Australia ran alongside me one day
To apply the letter of the law to a creature like me is not an easy matter.
all aboard all souls
and phantoms waned out of phase
 It was good to get out on the road for my long run on Sunday
It can be done, but reason is against it.
half-mast aye aye
vomiting up to their last straw
 After the week Id had I was a bit concerned I wouldnt be able to complete it
It is better to leave things to the police.
nay
vomiting up to its last straw
Johnson uncertain about Euro bid
I don’t know.
Da Tagte Es
who have no more for the land
The yearold delivered a personal best of 
If it is unlawful to be without papers, why did they not insist on my getting them.
redeem the surrogate goodbyes
and the glass unmisted above your eyes
 I dont want to go if I am not going to get a medal said Johnson
Because that costs money and I had none?
the sheet astream in your hand
dread nay
 Its the stress said Johnson
But in that case could they not have appropriated my bicycle?
who have no more for the land
head fast
 I am not used to feeling this this early
Probably not, without a court order.
and the glass unmisted above your eyes
in out as dead
 I am just used to training
All that is incomprehensible.
Echo’s Bones
asleep on the ladders
 But if Im doing this kind of thing then I will have to see how it goes
What is certain is this, that I never rested in that way again, my feet obscenely resting on the earth, my arms on the handlebars and on my arms my head, rocking and abandoned.
asylum under my tread all this day
frescoward free up the fjord of dyed eggs and thongbells
 Johnson next competes in the highclass Birmingham Grand Prix on  February
It is indeed a deplorable sight, a deplorable example, for the people, who so need to be encouraged, in their bitter toil, and to have before their eyes manifestations of strength only, of courage and of joy, without which they might collapse, at the end of the day, and roll on the ground.
their muffled revels as the flesh falls
and the like
Pavey focuses on indoor success
I have only to be told what good behaviour is and I am well-behaved, within the limits of my physical possibilities.
breaking without fear or favour wind
in a hag she drops her young
 Because of previous injuries I dont even run up hills in training
And so I have never ceased to improve, from this point of view, for I—I used to be intelligent and quick.
the gantelope of sense and nonsense run
the big one she was meant to be
Gardener wins double in Glasgow
And as far as goodwill is concerned, I had it to overflowing, the exasperated goodwill of the over-anxious.
taken by the maggots for what they are
and the others as she went along
 His times of 
So that my repertory of permitted attitudes has never ceased to grow, from my first steps until my last, executed last year.
* * *
tired of me she must be dying
 and 
And if I have always behaved like a pig, the fault lies not with me but with my superiors, who corrected me only on points of detail instead of showing me the essence of the system, after the manner of the great English schools, and the guiding principles of good manners, and how to proceed, without going wrong, from the former to the latter, and how to trace back to its ultimate source a given comportment.
Yoke of Liberty
head fast
 seconds were well short of American Maurice Greenes m world record of 
For that would have allowed me, before parading in public certain habits such as the finger in the nose, the scratching of the balls, digital emunction and the peripatetic piss, to refer them to the first rules of a reasoned theory.
The lips of her desire are grey
in out as dead as if she were
secs from 
On this subject I had only negative and empirical notions, which means that I was in the dark, most of the time, and all the more completely as a lifetime of observations had left me doubting the possibility of systematic decorum, even within a limited area.
and parted like a silk loop
head
 It was important to come out and make sure I got maximum points
But it is only since I have ceased to live that I think of these things and the other things.
threatening
unborn into the liffey
 My last race was the Olympic final and there was a lot of expectation
It is in the tranquillity of decomposition that I remember the long confused emotion which was my life, and that I judge it, as it is said that God will judge me, and with no less impertinence.
a slight wanton wound.
head
 This was just what I needed to sharpen up and get some race fitness
To decompose is to live too, I know, I know, don’t torment me, but one sometimes forgets.
She preys wearily
head as dead
 Im very excited about the next couple of months
And of that life too I shall tell you perhaps one day, the day I know that when I thought I knew I was merely existing and that passion without form or stations will have devoured me down to the rotting flesh itself and that when I know that I know nothing, am only crying out as I have always cried out, more or less piercingly, more or less openly.
on sensitive wild things
ashen smooth the face
Double Olympic champion
Let me cry out then, it’s said to be good for you.
proud to be torn
tired of me dead on the ladders
 There was a third success for Britain when
Yes, let me cry out, this time, then another time perhaps, then perhaps a last time.
by the grave crouch of her beauty.
hinges up and down
secs
Cry out that the declining sun fell full on the white wall of the barracks.
But she will die and her snare
deep in the cang of embers
 Maduaka was unable to repeat the feat in the m finishing down in fourth as
It was like being in China.
tendered so patiently
potwalloping in the dark
took the win for Russia
A confused shadow was cast.
to my tamed watchful sorrow
nay
won the triple jump with a leap of 
It was I and my bicycle.
will break and hang
head fast
m with Britains Tosin Oke fourth in 
I began to play, gesticulating, waving my hat, moving my bicycle to and fro before me, blowing the horn, watching the wall.
in a pitiful crescent.
in the other end as far as I know
won the mens pole vault competition with a clearance of 
They were watching me through the bars, I felt their eyes upon me.
Antipepsis
you are safe in the liffey
m with Britains Nick Buckfield cm adrift of his personal best in third
The policeman on guard at the door told me to go away.
And the number was uneven
the others as far as I know
won the womens m with Britains Jenny Meadows third
He needn’t have, I was calm again.
In the green of holy Stephen
you are unlucky not out in the world
 There was yet another Russian victory in the womens m as
The shadow in the end is no better than the substance.
Where before the ass the cart
you are loved long dead in the pit of the Liffey
finished well clear of Britains Catherine Murphy
I asked the man to help me, to have pity on me.
Was harnessed for a foreign part.
and buried
held off Leslie Djhone of France
He didn’t understand.
In this should not be seen the sign
head
 Frances
I thought of the food I had refused.
Of hasard, no, but of design,
ashen smooth the face
won the mens m with Brett Rund fourth for Britain
I took a pebble from my pocket and sucked it.
For of the two, by common consent,
tired of me
 Italy grabbed their first victory in the mens m as
It was smooth, from having been sucked so long, by me, and beaten by the storm.
The cart was the more intelligent.
long hair in the brown waste
African double in Edinburgh
A little pebble in your mouth, round and smooth, appeases, soothes, makes you forget your hunger, forget your thirst.
Whose exceptionally pia
you shall be loved
World m champion Eliud Kipchoge won the 
The man came towards me, angered by my slowness.
Mater hatched this grand idea
you shall be loved
km race at the View From Great Edinburgh Cross Country
Him too they were watching, through the windows.
Is not known. He or she,
at the neck of the way
km race
Somewhere someone laughed.
Smiling, unmolested, free,
long hair in the brown waste
 Britons Kathy Butler and Hayley Yelling were out of contention early on
Inside me too someone was laughing.
By this one act the mind become
cock up your guts!
Yelling takes Cardiff hattrick
I took my sick leg in my hands and passed it over the frame.
A providential vacuum,
you shall be loved
Butler strikes gold in Spain
I went.
Continues still to stroll amok,
dread nay
km race
I had forgotten where I was going.
To eat, drink, piss, shit, fart and fuck,
head fast
 She then shrugged off her Portuguese rival to win in  minutes  seconds
I stopped to think.
Assuming that the fucking season
in the other end as far as I know
 Meanwhile Briton Karl Keska battled bravely to finish seventh in the mens 
It is difficult to think riding, for me.
Did not expire with that of reason.
you are safe in the liffey
km race in a time of 
When I try and think riding I lose my balance and fall.
Now through the city spreads apace
the others as far as I know
Wada will appeal against ruling
I speak in the present tense, it is so easy to speak in the present tense, when speaking of the past.
The cry: A thought has taken place!
you are loved
 Kenteriss lawyer Gregory Ioannidis reacted angrily to Pounds comments
It is the mythological present, don’t mind it.
A human thought! Ochone! Ochone!
ashen smooth the face
Greek sprinters wont run again
I was already settling in my raglimp stasis when I remembered it wasn’t done.
Purissima Virgo! We’re undone!
tired of me
 The damage to their commercial interests has been done he added
I went on my way, that way of which I knew nothing, qua way, which was nothing more than a surface, bright or dark, smooth or rough, and always dear to me, in spite of all, and the dear sound of that which goes and is gone, with a brief dust, when the weather is dry.
Bitched, buggered and bewilderèd!
long hair in the brown waste
IAAF will contest Greek decision
There I am then, before I knew I had left the town, on the canal-bank.
Bring forth your dead! Bring forth your dead!
cock up your guts!
 The decision in both cases will be final and binding
The canal goes through the town, I know, I know, there are even two.
Cascando
you shall be loved
Segas said the IAAF appeal was expected and understandable
But then these hedges, these fields?
1
you shall be loved
 and nine audio tapes
Don’t torment yourself, Molloy.
why not merely the despaired of
at the neck of the way
We have the evidence and it is time the world discovered the truth
Suddenly I see, it was my right leg the stiff one, then.
occasion of
long hair in the brown waste
Greek duo cleared in doping case
Toiling towards me along the tow-path I saw a team of little grey donkeys, on the far bank, and I heard angry cries and dull blows.
wordshed
cock up your guts!
 The pairs former coach Christos Tzekos has been banned for four years
I got down.
is it not better abort than be barren
you shall be loved
 The charge cannot be substantiated he said
I put my foot to the ground the better to see the approaching barge, so gently approaching that the water was unruffled.
the hours after you are gone are so leaden
you shall be loved
 In no way was he Kenteris informed to appear for a doping test
It was a cargo of nails and timber, on its way to some carpenter I suppose.
they will always start dragging too soon
on the other hand
 The same goes for Thanou
My eyes caught a donkey’s eyes, they fell to his little feet, their brave fastidious tread.
the grapples clawing blindly the bed of want
in the other end as far as I know
 It shows he has no case to answer
The boatman rested his elbow on his knee, his head on his hand.
bringing up the bones the old loves
you are loved
 But the IAAF said it was very surprised by the verdict
He had a long white beard.
sockets filled once with eyes like yours
ashen smooth the face
 Our doping review board will now consider the English version of the decision
Every three or four puffs, without taking his pipe from his mouth, he spat into the water.
all always is it better too soon than never
tired of me
Johnson too strong for GB runners
I could not see his eyes.
the black want splashing their faces
black in the claws of the Pins in the grey spew
 Masais fellow Kenyan Alice Timbilil finished third
The horizon was burning with sulphur and phosphorus, it was there I was bound.
saying again nine days never floated the loved
hare grows up fat it is all one to us
Holmes starts  with GB events
At last I got right down, hobbled down to the ditch and lay down, beside my bicycle.
nor nine months
cough up your T.B. don’t be stingy
Kelly Holmes will start  with a series of races in Britain
I lay at full stretch, with outspread arms.
nor nine lives
no trifle is too trifling not even a thrombus
 I am still competitive and still want to win she said
The white hawthorn stooped towards me, unfortunately I don’t like the smell of hawthorn.
2
nothing out of the ordinary
 Im an athlete and I cant wait to get back on the track
In the ditch the grass was thick and high, I took off my hat and pressed about my face the long leafy stalks.
saying again
occasional eye
Tulu to appear at Caledonian run
Then I could smell the earth, the smell of the earth was in the grass that my hands wove round my face till I was blinded.
if you do not teach me I shall not learn
opens wide in a pitiful crescent
The yearold Ethiopian is the first star name to enter the event
I ate a little too, a little grass.
saying again there is a last
blind to the night
 Shes an ultraconsistent championships racer
It came back to my mind, from nowhere, as a moment before my name, that I had set out to see my mother, at the beginning of this ending day.
even of last times
spotless still to the sky
Disappointed Scott in solid start
My reasons?
last times of begging
before me
 The race was won by Felipe Vivancos who equalled the Spanish record
I had forgotten them.
last times of loving
terrified again
Swedens Robert Kronberg was second with Haitis Dudley Dorival in third
But I knew them, I must have known them, I had only to find them again and I would sweep, with the clipped wings of necessity, to my mother.
of knowing not knowing pretending
man in black
 Scott was slightly disappointed with his run in the final
Yes, it’s all easy when you know why, a mere matter of magic.
a last even of last times of saying
tires bleeding,
 He won his heat in 
Yes, the whole thing is to know what saint to implore, any fool can implore him.
if you do not love me I shall not be loved
an hour and a half after he has been
secs but ran 
For the particulars, if you are interested in particulars, there is no need to despair, you may scrabble on the right door, in the right way, in the end.
if I do not love you I shall not love
putting the ambulance in the chimney
secs slower in his first IAAF Indoor Grand Prix circuit final
It’s for the whole there seems to be no spell.
the churn of stale words in the heart again
and burning like a boy
 I should have done better than that he said
Perhaps there is no whole, before you’re dead.
love love love thud of the old plunger
with a crutch.
 I felt I could have won it
An opiate for the life of the dead, that should be easy.
pestling the unalterable
in his anger become like a bull
 I got a poor start  but I still felt I should have ran faster
What am I waiting for then, to exorcize mine?
whey of words
in his anger become a cob
secs while Kronberg and Dorival clocked 
It’s coming, it’s coming.
terrified again
and half-crooked he must stoop
secs and 
I hear from here the howl resolving all, even if it is not mine.
of not loving
in a pitiful crescent
secs respectively
Meanwhile there’s no use knowing you are gone, you are not, you are writhing yet, the hair is growing, the nails are growing, the entrails emptying, all the morticians are dead.
of loving and not you
and eyes peering out of tattered sky
GB quartet get cross country call
Someone has drawn the blinds, you perhaps.
of being loved and not by you
as from a lost light cycle
 Winning the European cross country title meant so much to me said Yelling
Not the faintest sound.
of knowing not knowing pretending
tired of looking for the light
Jones files lawsuit against Conte
Where are the famous flies?
pretending
that shoves all that stands
 Jones won three gold medals and two bronzes in Sydney in 
Yes, there is no denying it, any longer, it is not you who are dead, but all the others.
I and all the others that will love you
in a black pit.
 Contes statements the suit added were false and malicious
So you get up and go to your mother, who thinks she is alive.
if they love you
ist thou alone
 Mr Contes statements have been wildly contradictory
That’s my impression.
3
alone in the affirmative
Mr Conte is simply not credible
But now I shall have to get myself out of this ditch.
unless they love you
on the left bank a pitiful crescent
Thanou desperate to make return
How joyfully I would vanish there, sinking deeper and deeper under the rains.
Ooftish
in the bright evening sky
 If given the green light I will run again  thats the only thing I want
No doubt I’ll come back some day, here, or to a similar slough, I can trust my feet for that, as no doubt some day I’ll meet again the sergeant and his merry men.
offer it up plank it down
a small malevolence
 I cannot deny that we made a lot of mistakes during that time
And if, too changed to know it is they, I do not say it is they, make no mistake, it will be they, though changed.
Golgotha was only the potegg
distraught at mother nature
 I always said we needed a PR person
For to contrive a being, a place, I nearly said an hour, but I would not hurt anyone’s feelings, and then to use them no more, that would be, how shall I say, I don’t know.
cancer angina it is all one to us
and above all in the east
 I am a champion
Not to want to say, not to know what you want to say, not to be able to say what you think you want to say, and never to stop saying, or hardly ever, that is the thing to keep in mind, even in the heat of composition.
cough up your T.B. don’t be stingy
and the west
 I cannot risk everything Ive achieved in such a silly way
That night was not like the other night, if it had been I would have known.
no trifle is too trifling not even a thrombus
and the face in the dusk
Relay squad thrilled with honours
For when I try and think of that night, on the canal-bank, I find nothing, no night properly speaking, nothing but Molloy in the ditch, and perfect silence, and behind my closed lids the little night and its little lights, faint at first, then flaming and extinguished, now ravening, now fed, as fire by filth and martyrs.
anything venereal is especially welcome
the eye closed on her prowl
 I think this award reinforces what we did on that fantastic night he said
I say that night, but there was more than one perhaps.
that old toga in the mothballs
and the mind folded in her starlight
 seconds  just one hundredth of a second ahead of their rivals
The lie, the lie, to lying thought.
don’t be sentimental you won’t be wanting it again
all thoughts displaced in the east
 Its all I ever wanted
But I find the morning, a morning, and the sun already high, and the little sleep I had then, according to my custom, and space with its sounds again, and the shepherd watching me sleep and under whose eyes I opened my eyes.
send it along we’ll put it in the pot with the rest
and the face in the dusk
 All my life that is what I dreamed of doing
Beside him a panting dog, watching me too, but less closely than his master, for from time to time he stopped watching me to gnaw at his flesh, furiously, where the ticks were in him I suppose.
with your love requited and unrequited
the head in the dust
 Life since then has been fantastic
Did he take me for a black sheep entangled in the brambles and was he waiting for an order from his master to drag me out?
the things taken too late the things taken too soon
and the rest is ashen woad
 Ive not just stumbled upon this
I don’t think so.
the spirit aching bullock’s scrotum
on the moor.
 There was also recognition for James Clarke chairman of the London Marathon
I don’t smell like a sheep, I wish I smelt like a sheep, or a buck-goat.
you won’t cure it you won’t endure it
the wild boar in the ass
 He becomes an OBE
When I wake I see the first things quite clearly, the first things that offer, and I understand them, when they are not too difficult.
it is you it equals you any fool has to pity you
the arse in the rice
Balco case trial date pushed back
Then in my eyes and in my head a fine rain begins to fall, as from a rose, highly important.
so parcel up the whole issue and send it along
the neck sunk in the forth surge of the day
 No official trial date has been set but it is expected to begin in September
So I knew at once it was a shepherd and his dog I had before me, above me rather, for they had not left the path.
the whole misery diagnosed undiagnosed misdiagnosed
the eye peering out of the dead tissue
Collins calls for Chambers return
And I identified the bleating too, without any trouble, the anxious bleating of the sheep, missing the dog at their heels.
get your friends to do the same we’ll make use of it
anticipating the movement of the tide
 It was too harsh Collins told Radio Five Live
It is then too that the meaning of words is least obscure to me, so that I said, with tranquil assurance, Where are you taking them, to the fields or to the shambles?
we’ll make sense of it we’ll put it in the pot with the rest
what would not of happened if there were no mansions.
 They should reconsider
I must have completely lost my sense of direction, as if direction had anything to do with the matter.
it all boils down to blood of lamb
geez despaired of gorse
 Collins added He is a great guy and I have never had any problems with him
For even if he was going towards the town, what prevented him from skirting it, or from leaving it again by another gate, on his way to new pastures, and if he was going away from it that meant nothing either, for slaughter-houses are not confined to towns, no, they are everywhere, the country is full of them, every butcher has his slaughter-house and the right to slaughter, according to his lights.
Saint-Lô
digging in his grave
 We are friends
But whether it was he didn’t understand, or didn’t want to reply, he didn’t reply, but went on his way without a word, without a word for me I mean, for he spoke to his dog who listened attentively, cocking his ears.
Vire will wind in other shadows
digging in his grave
 I would like to see Dwain come back and compete again
I got to my knees, no, that doesn’t work, I got up and watched the little procession recede.
unborn through the bright ways tremble
hoe in his grave
 He is a good person
I heard the shepherd whistle, and I saw him flourishing his crook, and the dog bustling about the flock, which but for him would no doubt have fallen into the canal.
and the old mind ghost-forsaken
the bones caught in his grasp
Costin aims for comeback in 
All that through a glittering dust, and soon through that mist too which rises in me every day and veils the world from me and veils me from myself.
sink into its havoc
and he took the plank;
Jamie Costin should be paralysed
The bleating grew faint, because the sheep were less anxious, or because they were further away, or because my hearing was worse than a moment before, which would surprise me, for my hearing is still very good, scarcely blunted coming up to dawn, and if I sometimes hear nothing for hours on end it is for reasons of which I know nothing, or because about me all goes really silent, from time to time, whereas for the righteous the tumult of the world never stops.
my way is in the sand flowing
the fat man in the brown rags slouching
 But I was thinking maybe with a cortisone injection you never know
That then is how that second day began, unless it was the third, or the fourth, and it was a bad beginning, because it left me with persisting doubts, as to the destination of those sheep, among which there were lambs, and often wondering if they had safely reached some commonage or fallen, their skulls shattered, their thin legs crumpling, first to their knees, then over on their fleecy sides, under the pole-axe, though that is not the way they slaughter sheep, but with a knife, so that they bleed to death.
between the shingle and the dune
up to his snowspeeder
 Id fractured my big toe as well which was on the brake
But there is much to be said too for these little doubts.
the summer rain rains on my life
and down he went,
 Within three days he was arriving back in Ireland by air ambulance
Good God, what a land of breeders, you see quadrupeds everywhere.
on me my life harrying fleeing
spare the shame of my life.
 They were really putting a lot of pressure on me to agree to the surgery
And it’s not over yet, there are still horses and goats, to mention only them, I feel them watching out for me, to get in my path.
to its beginning to its end
Serena III
 The people at the Mater have been absolutely fantastic
I have no need of that.
my peace is there in the receding mist
fix this pothook of beauty on this palette
 Johnston uses an advanced type of acupuncture and its very effective
But I did not lose sight of my immediate goal, which was to get to my mother as quickly as possible, and standing in the ditch I summoned to my aid the good reasons I had for going there, without a moment’s delay.
when I may cease from treading these long shifting thresholds
you never know it might be final
 Needles get put right close up to my spine
And though there were many things I could do without thinking, not knowing what I was going to do until it was done, and not even then, going to my mother was not one of them.
and live the space of a door
or leave her she is paradise and then
 Its all about trying to get mobility in my back
My feet, you see, never took me to my mother unless they received a definite order to do so.
that opens and shuts
plush hymens on your eyeballs
 Lying down for three and a half months didnt really help with the strength
The glorious, the truly glorious weather would have gladdened any other heart than mine.
what would I do without this world faceless incurious
or on Butt Bridge blush for shame
 Theres a lot of work involved in my recovery
But I have no reason to be gladdened by the sun and I take good care not to be.
where to be lasts but an instant where every instant
the mixed declension of those mammae
 Im doing about six hours a day between physio and pool work
The Aegean, thirsting for heat and light, him I killed, he killed himself, early on, in me.
spills in the void the ignorance of having been
cock up thy moon thine and thine only
 Im fairly full on with everything I do
The pale gloom of rainy days was better fitted to my taste, no, that’s not it, to my humour, no, that’s not it either, I had neither taste nor humour, I lost them early on.
without this wave where in the end
up up up up to the star of evening
 Id hope to be training regularly by March
Perhaps what I mean is that the pale gloom, etc., hid me better, without its being on that account particularly pleasing to me.
body and shadow together are engulfed
swoon upon the arch-gasometer
 But training is just part of the process of getting back
Chameleon in spite of himself, there you have Molloy, viewed from a certain angle.
what would I do without this silence where the murmurs die
on Misery Hill brand-new carnation
 Its a case of waiting and seeing how it reacts
And in winter, under my greatcoat, I wrapped myself in swathes of newspaper, and did not shed them until the earth awoke, for good, in April.
the pantings the frenzies towards succour towards love
swoon upon the little purple
 Hopefully after four or five months my back wont tighten up as much
The Times Literary Supplement was admirably adapted to this purpose, of a never-failing toughness and impermeability.
without this sky that soars
house of prayer
LewisFrancis turns to Christie
Even farts made no impression on it.
above its ballast dust
something heart of Mary
 The sprinter has also shed weight since winning relay gold at the Athens Games
I can’t help it, gas escapes from my fundament on the least pretext, it’s hard not to mention it now and then, however great my distaste.
what would I do what I did yesterday and the day before
the Bull and Pool Beg that will never meet
 Last year I was kg now I am 
One day I counted them.
peering out of my deadlight looking for another
not in this world
kg  hopefully my times will come down he said
Three hundred and fifteen farts in nineteen hours, or an average of over sixteen farts an hour.
wandering like me eddying far from all the living
whereas dart away through the cavorting scapes
 It is just discipline and being more focused about what I am doing
After all it’s not excessive.
in a convulsive space
bucket o’er Victoria Bridge that’s the idea
 I just have to be patient and build up for the next Olympics
Four farts every fifteen minutes.
among the voices voiceless
slow down slink down the Ringsend Road
Man Utd stroll to Cup win
It’s nothing.
that throng my hiddenness
Irishtown Sandymount puzzle find the Hell Fire
 Evertons problems worsened when James McFadden limped off with an injury
Not even one fart every four minutes.
I would like my love to die
the Merrion Flats scored with a thrillion sigmas
 The boy Ronaldo is a fantastic player
It’s unbelievable.
and the rain to be raining on the graveyard
Jesus Christ Son of God Saviour His Finger
 Hes persistent and never gives in
Damn it, I hardly fart at all, I should never have mentioned it.
and on me walking the streets
girls taken strippin that’s the idea
 Subs Wright Pistone Weir Plessis Vaughan
Extraordinary how mathematics help you to know yourself.
mourning her who thought she loved me
on the Bootersgrad breakwind and water
 Subs Howard Giggs Smith Miller Spector
In any case this whole question of climate left me cold, I could stomach any mess.
Song
the tide making the dun gulls in a panic
 Referee R Styles Hampshire
So I will only add that the mornings were often sunny, in that part of the world, until ten o’clock or coming up to eleven, and that then the sky darkened and the rain fell, fell till evening.
Age is when to a man
the sands quicken in your hot heart
Van Nistelrooy set to return
Then the sun came out and went down, the drenched earth sparkled an instant, then went out, bereft of light.
Huddled o’er the ingle
hide yourself not in the Rock keep on the move
 But Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson hinted he may be back early
There I am then back in the saddle, in my numbed heart a prick of misgiving, like one dying of cancer obliged to consult his dentist.
Shivering for the hag
keep on the move
Moyes Uturn on Beattie dismissal
For I did not know if it was the right road.
To put the pan in the bed
Malacoda
 But he has had a rethink after looking over the video evidence again
All roads were right for me, a wrong road was an event, for me.
And bring the toddy
thrice he came
 He will now be subjected to the normal club discipline
But when I was on my way to my mother only one road was right, the one that led to her, or one of those that led to her, for all did not lead to her.
She comes in the ashes
the undertaker’s man
Not in a million years would John Terry have gone down in the same way
I did not know if I was on one of those right roads and that disturbed me, like all recall to life.
Who loved could not be won
impassible behind his scutal bowler
 I can tell you it wasnt an intentional headbutt
Judge then of my relief when I saw, ahead of me, the familiar ramparts loom.
Or won not loved
to measure
 Our heads barely touched and it wasnt an intentional headbutt
I passed beyond them, into a district I did not know.
Or some other trouble
is he not paid to measure
Ronaldo considering new contract
And yet I knew the town well, for I was born there and had never succeeded in putting between it and me more than ten or fifteen miles, such was its grasp on me, I don’t know why.
Comes in the ashes
this incorruptible in the vestibule
 My agent has spoken with the club and it will be resolved soon
So that I came near to wondering if I was in the right town, where I first saw the murk of day and which still harboured my mother, somewhere or other, or if I had not stumbled, as a result of a wrong turn, on a town whose very name I did not know.
Like in that old light
this malebranca knee-deep in the lilies
 I think well reach a good agreement for both sides
For my native town was the only one I knew, having never set foot in any other.
The face in the ashes
Malacoda knee-deep in the lilies
 Ronaldo refused to commit his longterm future to the club
But I had read with care, while I still could read, accounts of travellers more fortunate than myself, telling of other towns as beautiful as mine, and even more beautiful, though with a different beauty.
That old starlight
Malacoda for all the expert awe
Nobody knows what will come tomorrow
And now it was a name I sought, in my memory, the name of the only town it had been given me to know, with the intention, as soon as I had found it, of stopping, and saying to a passer-by, doffing my hat, I beg your pardon, Sir, this is X, is it not?, X being the name of my town.
On the earth again.
that felts his perineum mutes his signal
 I like being here but who knows he added
And this name that I sought, I felt sure that it began with a B or with a P, but in spite of this clue, or perhaps because of its falsity, the other letters continued to escape me.
Something there
sighing up through the heavy air
 There arent many bigger and better clubs than this one
I had been living so far from words so long, you understand, that it was enough for me to see my town, since we’re talking of my town, to be unable, you understand.
something there
must it be it must be it must be
 Its my ambition to be at a big club
It’s too difficult to say, for me.
where
find the weeds engage them in the garden
 Im happy but nobody knows the future
And even my sense of identity was wrapped in a namelessness often hard to penetrate, as we have just seen I think.
out there
hear she may see she need not
Smith keen on Home series return
And so on for all the other things which made merry with my senses.
out where
to coffin
 That game is one Smith would be delighted to see reinstated
Yes, even then, when already all was fading, waves and particles, there could be no things but nameless things, no names but thingless names.
outside
with assistant ungulata
 You have to put a performance on in friendly games
I say that now, but after all what do I know now about then, now when the icy words hail down upon me, the icy meanings, and the world dies too, foully named.
what
find the weeds engage their attention
 If you dont they can be demotivating
All I know is what the words know, and the dead things, and that makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning, a middle and an end as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
the head what else
hear she must see she need not
Mido makes third apology
And truly it little matters what I say, this or that or any other thing.
something there somewhere outside
to cover
 Mido added Its not my right to give orders and say when I want to play 
Saying is inventing.
the head
to be sure cover cover cover all over
Man City  Man Utd
Wrong, very rightly wrong.
at the faint sound so brief
your targe allow me hold your sulphur
 Rooney was being well marshalled by Dunne  but that was all about to change
You invent nothing, you think you are inventing, you think you are escaping, and all you do is stammer out your lesson, the remnants of a pensum one day got by heart and long forgotten, life without tears, as it is wept.
it is gone and the whole globe
divine dogday glass set fair
 Worse was to come for Dunne who had been having a fine match
To hell with it anyway.
not yet bare
stay Scarmilion stay stay
 And United keeper Roy Carroll saved well from Kiki Musampa
Where was I.
the eye
lay this Huysum on the box
 At times especially in the first half we didnt play with enough speed
Unable to remember the name of my town I resolved to stop by the kerb, to wait for a passer-by with a friendly and intelligent air and then to whip off my hat and say, with my smile, I beg your pardon, Sir, excuse me, Sir, what is the name of this town, if you please?
opens wide
mind the imago it is he
 But with Cristiano Ronaldo and Ryan Giggs on the speed improved
For the word once let fall I would know if it was the right word, the one I was seeking, in my memory, or another, and so where I stood.
wide
hear she must see she must
 Subs Not Used Weaver Onuoha Flood
This resolution, actually formed as I rode along, was never to be carried out, an absurd mishap prevented it.
till in the end
all aboard all souls
 Booked Fowler Sibierski
Yes, my resolutions were remarkable in this, that they were no sooner formed than something always happened to prevent their execution.
nothing more
half-mast aye aye
 Subs Not Used Howard Bellion
That must be why I am even less resolute now than then, just as then I was even less so than I once had been.
shutters it again
nay
 Booked Rooney Scholes Keane
But to tell the truth (to tell the truth!)
so the odd time
Da Tagte Es
 Goals Rooney  Dunne  og
I have never been particularly resolute, I mean given to resolutions, but rather inclined to plunge headlong into the shit, without knowing who was shitting against whom or on which side I had the better chance of skulking with success.
out there
redeem the surrogate goodbyes
 Att  Ref S Bennett Kent
But from this leaning too I derived scant satisfaction and if I have never quite got rid of it it is not for want of trying.
somewhere out there
the sheet astream in your hand
Gerrard plays down European hopes
The fact is, it seems, that the most you can hope is to be a little less, in the end, the creature you were in the beginning, and the middle.
like as if
who have no more for the land
 Its big couple of months for Liverpool he added
For I had hardly perfected my plan, in my head, when my bicycle ran over a dog, as subsequently appeared, and fell to the ground, an ineptness all the more unpardonable as the dog, duly leashed, was not out on the road, but in on the pavement, docile at its mistress’s heels.
as if
and the glass unmisted above your eye
Duff ruled out of Barcelona clash
Precautions are like resolutions, to be taken with precaution.
something
Echo’
 His injury is very painful so he is out
The lady must have thought she had left nothing to chance, so far as the safety of her dog was concerned, whereas in reality she was setting the whole system of nature at naught, no less surely than I myself with my insane demands for more light.
not life
In this will I be crucified
 Drogba trained on Monday with no problems and will do the same on Tuesday
But instead of grovelling in my turn, invoking my great age and infirmities, I made things worse by trying to run away.
necessarily
and the world judged
 Gallas feels he can play and wants to play
I was soon overtaken, by a bloodthirsty mob of both sexes and all ages, for I caught a glimpse of white beards and little, almost angel faces, and they were preparing to tear me to pieces when the lady intervened.
dread nay
by its shadows
 We are protecting him still but he will be okay to play
She said in effect, she told me so later on and I believed her, Leave this poor old man alone.
head fast
so that there is nothing left undone
Chelsea clinch cup in extratime
He has killed Teddy, I grant you that, Teddy whom I loved like my own child, but it is not so serious as it seems, for as it happens I was taking him to the veterinary surgeon, to have him put out of his misery.
in out as dead
and just as good a morning glass of iced tea
after extratime  score at  mins 
For Teddy was old, blind, deaf, crippled with rheumatism and perpetually incontinent, night and day, indoors and out of doors.
till rending
and a hot pint of nepenthe or moly or half and half
 The Blues began the second half with more urgency and pegged Liverpool back
Thanks then to this poor old man I have been spared a painful task, not to mention the expense which I am ill able to afford, having no other means of support than the pension of my dear departed, fallen in defence of a country that called itself his and from which in his lifetime he never derived the smallest benefit, but only insults and vexations.
long still
and half and half
Subs Not Used Pellegrino Carson
The crowd was beginning to disperse, the danger was past, but the lady was in her stride.
faint stir
as in Ken Wood
Hyypia Traore Hamann Carragher
You may say, she said, that he did wrong to run away, that he should have explained, asked to be forgiven.
unseal the eye
who shall find
Riise  Nunez 
Granted.
till still again
and love in the end
Subs Not Used Pidgeley Tiago
But it is clear he has not all his wits about him, that he is beside himself, for reasons of which we know nothing and which might put us all to shame, if we did know them.
seal again
a chicken or two or three
Lampard Kezman Drogba Duff
I even wonder if he knows what he has done.
head sphere
and half asleep half dead
Gerrard  og Drogba  Kezman 
There emanated such tedium from this droning voice that I was making ready to move on when the unavoidable police constable rose up before me.
ashen smooth
whey of tresses
S Bennett Kent
He brought down heavily on my handlebars his big red hairy paw, I noticed it myself, and had it appears with the lady the following conversation.
one eye
what a misery filled land land of eggs and thong hair
Newcastle  Bolton
Is this the man who ran over your dog, Madam?
no hint when to
and the bejola of the gums and phlegmas
Kieron Dyer smashed home the winner to end Boltons game unbeaten run
He is, sergeant, and what of it?
then glare
and of old Mauks
 And it was almost out of nothing that the Magpies took the lead on  minutes
No, I can’t record this fatuous colloquy.
cyclop no
whose misery is not seen
 Bolton had produced little going forward at this point but they responded well
So I will merely observe that finally in his turn the constable too dispersed, the word is not too strong, grumbling and growling, followed by the last idlers who had given up all hope of my coming to a bad end.
one side
until the gantelope of sense and nonsense run
They were level within six minutes thanks to a smart finish from Giannakopoulos
But he turned back and said, Remove that dog.
eerily
tir eddying through
 Their strategy seemed to be working until the th minute
Free at last to go I began to do so.
on face
out with the gantelope of sense and nonsense
 We allowed them to heap too much pressure on us and in the end we cracked
But the lady, a Mrs Loy, I might as well say it now and be done with it, or Lousse, I forget, Christian name something like Sophie, held me back, by the tail of my coat, and said, assuming the words were the same when I heard them as when first spoken, Sir, I need you.
of out spread
and the goblet of dyed linen
  Newcastle boss Graeme Souness We deserved the win
And seeing I suppose from my expression, which frequently betrays me, that she had made herself understood, she must have said, If he understands that he can understand anything.
vast in
warm Grave too say the word
 We had a really good second half
And she was not mistaken, for after some time I found myself in possession of certain ideas or points of view which could only have come to me from her, namely that having killed her dog I was morally obliged to help her carry it home and bury it, that she did not wish to prosecute me for what I had done, but that it was not always possible to do as one did not wish, that she found me likeable enough in spite of my hideous appearance and would be happy to hold out to me a helping hand, and so on, I’ve forgotten the half of it.
the highmost
warm Water too like to swallow
 Bolton are a difficult side to play
Ah yes, I too needed her, it seemed.
snow white
and the eight fingers of the star
 The scoreline flattered them and we could have had one or two more goals
She needed me to help her get rid of her dog, and I needed her, I’ve forgotten for what.
sheeting all
swoon for the eight hours
 Subs Not Used Butt Harper Milner Hughes
She must have told me, for that was an insinuation I could not decently pass over in silence as I had the rest, and I made no bones about telling her I needed neither her nor anyone else, which was perhaps a slight exaggeration, for I must have needed my mother, otherwise why this frenzy of wanting to get to her?
asylum head
before dawn
 Goals Bowyer  Dyer 
That is one of the many reasons why I avoid speaking as much as possible.
sole blot
oh the stiff morning sun
 Subs Not Used Jaidi Poole
For I always say either too much or too little, which is a terrible thing for a man with a passion for truth like mine.
faster than where
flush up his lute
 Booked Ben Haim Hierro
And I shall not abandon this subject, to which I shall probably never have occasion to return, with such a storm blowing up, without making this curious observation, that it often happened to me, before I gave up speaking for good, to think I had said too little when in fact I had said too much and in fact to have said too little when I thought I had said too much.
in hellice eyes
quick quick the master cylinders the shame of it
 Goals Giannakopoulos 
I mean that on reflection, in the long run rather, my verbal profusion turned out to be penury, and inversely.
stream till
quick quick the jowl of it
 Att  Ref S Dunn Gloucestershire
So time sometimes turns the tables.
frozen to
quick the spew of it
Middlesbrough  Charlton
In other words, or perhaps another thing, whatever I said it was never enough and always too much.
jaws rail
quick the proud bravo of it
I felt we did enough to win the game even though the first half was lacklustre
Yes, I was never silent, whatever I said I was never silent.
gnaw gnash
quick the proud father of it
 We were winning but Middlesbrough kept knocking on the door
Divine analysis that conduces thus to knowledge of yourself, and of your fellow-men, if you happen to have any.
teeth with stork
make no mistake he he he he
 But we stood up and credit to us we didnt capitulate
For to say I needed no one was not to say too much, but an infinitesimal part of what I should have said, could not have said, should never have said.
clack chatter
this he he
 Well kick on now
Need of my mother!
come through
this he
Subs Not Used Cooper Knight
No, there were no words for the want of need in which I was perishing.
no sense and gone
this he
Riggott  Graham 
So that she, I mean Sophie, must have told me the reasons why I needed her, since I had dared to disagree.
while eye
withdraw
Subs Not Used Fish Jeffers Andersen
And perhaps if I took the trouble I might find them again, but trouble, many thanks, some other time.
shocked wide
and the marks of the foreskin
Konchesky Hreidarsson Perry
And now enough of this boulevard, it must have been a boulevard, of all these righteous ones, these guardians of the peace, all these feet and hands, stamping, clutching, clenched in vain, these bawling mouths that never bawl out of season, this sky beginning to drip, enough of being abroad, trapped, visible.
with white
and all strata under his rule
Holland  Bartlett 
Someone was poking the dog, with a malacca.
still to bare
break without fear or favour
M Riley W Yorkshire
The dog was uniformly yellow, a mongrel I suppose, or a pedigree, I can never tell the difference.
stir dread
the tresses of the evening
Dundee Utd  Aberdeen
His death must have hurt him less than my fall me.
nay to nought
gliding along between two happy incompatible lamps
 Moments later though the home side took the lead
And he at least was dead.
sudden in
suddenly one after the other
 But only three minutes later Aberdeen clawed their way back into the match
We slung him across the saddle and set off like an army in retreat, helping each other I suppose, to keep the corpse from falling, to keep the bicycle moving, to keep ourselves moving, through the jeering crowd.
ashen smooth
gliding along between two lamps
 United ended the game as a contest just two minutes after the interval
The house where Sophie—no, I can’t call her that any more, I’ll try calling her Lousse, without the Mrs—the house where Lousse lived was not far away.
aghast
eterned a hag, panting
Colgan Dodds Kenneth
Oh it was not nearby either, I had my bellyful by the time I got there.
glittering rent
by the fever of desire
Brebner
That is to say I didn’t have it really.
till sudden
and want
Archibald  Grady  Crawford  Grady 
You think you have your bellyful but you seldom have it really.
smooth again
to know why.
Blanchard McGuire
It was because I knew I was there that I had my bellyful, a mile more to go and I would only have had my bellyful an hour later.
stir so past
Whose Funda don’t We buy, sell, buy
 Anderson Diamond
Human nature.
never been
mentor’d these dead eyes see
Byrne 
Marvellous thing.
at ray
this:
K Clark
The house where Lousse lived.
in latibule
a woman
Clyde  Celtic
Must I describe it?
long dark
disease of mosaics
Morrison Wilson
I don’t think so.
stir of dread
muzzling the dark depths of the
Mensing Sheridan
I won’t, that’s all I know, for the moment.
till breach
hampers of love.
Marshall Laursen
Perhaps later on, if I get to know it.
long sealed
She is bare
Thompson Bellamy
And Lousse?
dark again
in the common room
 Varga  Thompson  pen Petrov  Varga  Bellamy 
Must I describe her?
still again
with her little ones
C Thomson
I suppose so.
so ere
all eyes closed
Hearts  Livingston
Let’s first bury the dog.
long still
in the dark old black box
 Craig Easton headed in a controversial goal after an hour but Hearts held on
It was she dug the hole, under a tree.
long nought
its horrors against the bright
 With just  minutes on the clock the home side doubled their lead
You always bury your dog under a tree, I don’t know why.
rent so
weekend of areca
 But in the opening stages of the second period little changed
But I have my suspicions.
so stir
and the eyes of the governed
 Livi went all out for the equaliser
It was she dug the hole because I couldn’t, though I was the gentleman, because of my leg.
long past
not so much
Moilanen Kizys
That is to say I could have dug with a trowel, but not with a spade.
head fast
as in this world
Berra Webster
For when you dig a grave one leg supports the weight of the body while the other, flexing and unflexing, drives the spade into the earth.
in out as dead
whence like the great mixed-martini
Miller  McAllister 
Now my sick leg, I forget which, it’s immaterial here, was in a condition neither to dig, because it was rigid, nor alone to support me, because it would have collapsed.
Roundelay
and the sudden want
McKenzie Hand
I had so to speak only one leg at my disposal, I was virtually one-legged, and I would have been happier, livelier, amputated at the groin.
on all that strand
of known births in this world
 Vincze Horvath
And if they had removed a few testicles into the bargain I wouldn’t have objected.
at end of day
and of free will against dissolution
Easton 
For from such testicles as mine, dangling at mid-thigh at the end of a meagre cord, there was nothing more to be squeezed, not a drop.
steps sole sound
in its many vases
A Freeland
So that non che la speme il desiderio, and I longed to see them gone, from the old stand where they bore false witness, for and against, in the lifelong charge against me.
long sole sound
the spirit aching bullock’s scrotum
Kenyon denies Robben Barca return
For if they accused me of having made a balls of it, of me, of them, they thanked me for it too, from the depths of their rotten bag, the right lower than the left, or inversely, I forget, decaying circus clowns.
until unbidden stay
it is the summer of his life
 Theres no plans at the moment around the Barcelona game
And, worse still, they got in my way when I tried to walk, when I tried to sit down, as if my sick leg was not enough, and when I rode my bicycle they bounced up and down.
then no sound
he and I together under the sun
 I put everything right with Arjens foot the last time I saw him  days ago
So the best thing for me would have been for them to go, and I would have seen to it myself, with a knife or secateurs, but for my terror of physical pain and festered wounds, so that I shook.
on all that strand
spoke three times in a day’s running water
 It was an obvious correction and easy to perform
Yes, all my life I have gone in terror of festered wounds, I who never festered, I was so acid.
long no sound
he and I together under the watchful sky
 I know he was pleased with what I did and now that he is running again
My life, my life, now I speak of it as of something over, now as of a joke which still goes on, and it is neither, for at the same time it is over and it goes on, and is there any tense for that?
until unbidden go
that the billows of the nubile the earth
 I am due to see him one more time again in the next few days
Watch wound and buried by the watchmaker, before he died, whose ruined works will one day speak of God, to the worms.
steps sole sound
…
 Meersseman is the medical coordinator at Italian side AC Milan
But those cullions, I must be attached to them after all, cherish them as others do their scars, or the family album.
long sole sound
nay
Bridge could miss rest of season
In any case it wasn’t their fault I couldn’t dig, but my leg’s.
on all that strand
Da Tagte Es
 William Gallas and Damien Duff could also miss the Barcelona game
It was Lousse dug the hole while I held the dog in my arms.
at end of day
redeem the surrogate goodbyes
 The medical department will try to do everything to recover Gallas and Duff
He was heavy already and cold, but he had not yet begun to stink.
Better on your arse than on your feet,
the sheet a pale bed of stillness
 Shearer said he was unsure what caused Bridges injury
He smelt bad, if you like, but bad like an old dog, not like a dead dog.
Flat on your back than either, dead than the lot.