you are not welcome in the green of holy Stephen
Claxton hunting first major medal
I am in my mother’s room.
as is shown by the sign of the tincture
 seconds to win the AAAs title
It’s I who live there now.
you are not at home in the green of St Peter the Redeemer the Eucharist
 I am quite confident said Claxton
I don’t know how I got there.
yea and suave
 But I take each race as it comes
Perhaps in an ambulance, certainly a vehicle of some kind.
because you are too old to love
OSullivan could run in Worlds
I was helped.
to love love love love threshing
 OSullivan is at present preparing for the London marathon on  April
I’d never have got there alone.
tonic in the balls
Greene sets sights on world title
There’s this man who comes every week.
sparing not its possessor the fern
 It really hurts to look at that medal
Perhaps I got here thanks to him.
this instant the hush
 It was my mistake
He says not.
tired of dying
 Its never going to happen again
He gives me money and takes away the pages.
tired of policemen
 My goal  Im going to win the worlds
So many pages, so much money.
feet in marmalade
 Greene crossed the line just 
Yes, I work now, a little like I used to, except that I don’t know how to work any more.
perspiring profusely
 seconds behind Gatlin who won in 
That doesn’t matter apparently.
heart in marmalade
 seconds in one of the closest and fastest sprints of all time
What I’d like now is to speak of the things that are left, say my goodbyes, finish dying.
smoke more fruit
 But Greene believes he lost the race and his title in the semifinals
They don’t want that.
the old heart the old heart
 In my semifinal race I should have won the race but I was conserving energy
Yes, there is more than one, apparently.
breaking outside congress
I just felt like I was running all alone
But it’s always the same one that comes.
doch I assure thee
 seconds
You’ll do that later, he says.
lying on O’Connell Bridge
 But he also admits he faces more than one rival for the world crown
Good.
goggling at the tulips of the evening
 Theres always someone else coming
The truth is I haven’t much will left.
the green tulips
 Now youve got about five or six young guys coming up at the same time
When he comes for the fresh pages he brings back the previous week’s.
shining round the corner like an anthrax
IAAF launches fight against drugs
They are marked with signs I don’t understand.
shining on Guinness’s barges
Two task forces have been set up to examine doping and nutrition issues
Anyway I don’t read them.
the overtone the face
 Getting everyone together gave us a lot of food for thought
When I’ve done nothing he gives me nothing, he scolds me.
too late to brighten the sky
Dibaba breaks m world record
Yet I don’t work for money.
doch doch I assure thee
Dibaba won in  minutes 
For what then?
Alba
 seconds to erase the previous world indoor mark of 
I don’t know.
before morning you shall be here
 set by another Ethiopian Berhane Adera in Stuttgart last year
The truth is I don’t know much.
and Dante and the Logos and all strata and mysteries
 Irelands Alistair Cragg won in 
For example my mother’s death.
and the branded moon
 as Bekele battled to second in 
Was she already dead when I came?
beyond the white plane of music
 I didnt want to sit back and get outkicked said Cragg
Or did she only die later?
that you shall establish here before morning
 So I kept on the pace
I mean enough to bury.
grave suave singing silk
 The race was mine
I don’t know.
stoop to the black firmament of areca
 Kluft took the long jump at 
Perhaps they haven’t buried her yet.
rain on the bamboos flower of smoke alley of willows
m while Ceplak easily won the womens m in 
In any case I have her room.
who though you stoop with fingers of compassion
Isinbayeva claims new world best
I sleep in her bed.
to endorse the dust
Pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva broke her own indoor world record by clearing 
I piss and shit in her pot.
shall not add to your bounty
 metres in Lievin on Saturday
I have taken her place.
whose beauty shall be a sheet before me
m at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham
I must resemble her more and more.
a statement of itself drawn across the tempest of emblems
 The Olympic champion went on to attempt 
All I need now is a son.
so that there is no sun and no unveiling
m at the meeting on France but failed to clear that height
Perhaps I have one somewhere.
and no host
 I ran my race perfectly said Scott who won in 
But I think not.
only I and then the sheet
secs his best time indoors
He would be old now, nearly as old as myself.
and bulk dead
OSullivan commits to Dublin race
It was a little chambermaid.
Dortmunder
Hansen delays return until 
It wasn’t true love.
In the magic the Homer dusk
Offcolour Gardener storms to win
The true love was in another.
past the red spire of sanctuary
Gardener clocked 
We’ll come to that.
I null she royal hulk
 secs
Her name?
hasten to the violet lamp to the thin K’in music of the bawd.
 I almost went home
I’ve forgotten it again.
She stands before me in the bright stall
 Then everything went perfectly
It seems to me sometimes that I even knew my son, that I helped him.
sustaining the jade splinters
 Scotlands Ian Mackie was also in action in Leipzig
Then I tell myself it’s impossible.
the scarred signaculum of purity quiet
 He stepped down from his favoured m to m to finish third in 
It’s impossible I could ever have helped anyone.
the eyes the eyes black till the plagal east
 secs
I’ve forgotten how to spell too, and half the words.
shall resolve the long night phrase.
 Germanys Alexander Kosenkow won the race in 
That doesn’t matter apparently.
Then, as a scroll, folded,
 secs with Dutchman Patrick van Balkom second in 
Good.
and the glory of her dissolution enlarged
 secs
He’s a queer one the one who comes to see me.
in me, Habbakuk, mard of all sinners.
 Promising m hurdler
He comes every Sunday apparently.
Schopenhauer is dead, the bawd
clocked a new UK record of 
The other days he isn’t free.
puts her lute away.
 seconds at a meeting in Norway
He’s always thirsty.
Sanies I
m in the triple jump at a meeting in Ghent
It was he told me I’d begun all wrong, that I should have begun differently.
all the livelong way this day of sweet showers from Portrane on the seashore
 At the same meeting
He must be right.
Donabate sad swans of Turvey Swords
finished third in 
I began at the beginning, like an old ballocks, can you imagine that?
pounding along in three ratios like a sonata
 seconds in a highclass womens m
Here’s my beginning.
like a Ritter with pommelled scrotum atra cura on the step
 Britains Joice Maduaka finished fifth in 
Because they’re keeping it apparently.
Botticelli from the fork down pestling the transmission
 Olympic bronze heptathlon medallist
I took a lot of trouble with it.
tires bleeding voiding zeep the highway
made a lowkey return to action at an indoor meeting in Birmingham
Here it is.
all heaven in the sphincter
 The yearold cleared 
It gave me a lot of trouble.
the sphincter
m to win the high jump and threw 
It was the beginning, do you understand?
müüüüüüüde now
m in the womens shot put
Whereas now it’s nearly the end.
potwalloping now through the promenaders
Collins to compete in Birmingham
Is what I do now any better?
this trusty all-steel this super-real
 Collins ran in Birmingham at the  World Indoor Championships
I don’t know.
bound for home like a good boy
 Im looking forward to competing against such a strong field he said
That’s beside the point.
where I was born with a pop with the green of the larches
Radcliffe yet to answer GB call
Here’s my beginning.
ah to be back in the caul now with no trusts
 Radcliffe must make a decision by Tuesday  the deadline for team nominations
It must mean something, or they wouldn’t keep it.
no fingers no spoilt love
 She is not messing us around
Here it is.
belting along in the meantime clutching the bike
 We all understand the problem
This time, then once more I think, then perhaps a last time, then I think it’ll be over, with that world too.
the billows of the nubile the cere wrack
 In her absence the GB team won bronze in Brussels
Premonition of the last but one but one.
pot-valiant caulless waisted in rags hatless
Edwards tips Idowu for Euro gold
All grows dim.
for mamma papa chicken and ham
Idowu landed 
A little more and you’ll go blind.
warm Grave too say the word
 Edwards himself kept Idowu off top spot at the Manchester Games
It’s in the head.
happy days snap the stem shed a tear
 Phillips still needs to be much more consistent
It doesn’t work any more, it says, I don’t work any more.
this day Spy Wedsday seven pentades past
Kenya lift Chepkemeis suspension
You go dumb as well and sounds fade.
oh the larches the pain drawn like a cork
 We have withdrawn the ban
The threshold scarcely crossed that’s how it is.
the glans he took the day off up hill and down dale
 Chepkemei has given a reason for her absence said AK chief Isaiah Kiplagat
It’s the head.
with a ponderous fawn from the Liverpool London and Globe
 I am ready and prepared to represent my country
It must have had enough.
back the shadows lengthen the sycomores are sobbing
McIlroy aiming for Madrid title
So that you say, I’ll manage this time, then perhaps once more, then perhaps a last time, then nothing more.
to roly-poly oh to me a spanking boy
 New coach Tony Lester has helped get McIlroys career back on track
You are hard set to formulate this thought, for it is one, in a sense.
buckets of fizz childbed is thirsty work
 And McIlroy whose time of one minute 
Then you try to pay attention, to consider with attention all those dim things, saying to yourself, laboriously, It’s my fault.
for the midwife he is gory
 That ambition has meant that Ive had only two nights out since last August
Fault?
for the proud parent he washes down a gob of gladness
 The rest of my time has seen me just concentrating on rebuilding my career
That was the word.
for footsore Achates also he pants his pleasure
UK Athletics agrees new kit deal
But what fault?
sparkling beestings for me
 We are delighted
It’s not goodbye, and what magic in those dim things to which it will be time enough, when next they pass, to say goodbye.
tired now hair ebbing gums ebbing ebbing home
Verdict delay for Greek sprinters
For you must say goodbye, it would be madness not to say goodbye, when the time comes.
good as gold now in the prime after a brief prodigality
 I am confident and optimistic Thanou had said at the time
If you think of the forms and light of other days it is without regret.
I see her running amok in the graveyard. She doesn't know where she is going. She is in the hospital, where she is dying. I see a little boy, unconscious for a good eight hours, in the intensive care. It is his mother who is dying. I walk past her, looking for him, and I see her slouching slowly through the heavy air. I turn and say: Hark! come along! come along! (turning left)
 We presented new evidence to the committee that they were not aware of
But you seldom think of them, with what would you think of them?
and away to the sea.
 It was not clear what this new evidence was
I don’t know.
Echo’s Bones and Other Precipitates
Call for Kenteris to be cleared
People pass too, hard to distinguish from yourself.
1
 The Greek tribunal is expected to give its verdict early next week
That is discouraging.
why not merely the despaired of
Merritt close to indoor m mark
So I saw A and C going slowly towards each other, unconscious of what they were doing.
occasion of
The world junior champion clocked 
It was on a road remarkably bare, I mean without hedges or ditches or any kind of edge, in the country, for cows were chewing in enormous fields, lying and standing, in the evening silence.
wordshed
 seconds to finish well clear of fellow American Bershawn Jackson in Arkansas
Perhaps I’m inventing a little, perhaps embellishing, but on the whole that’s the way it was.
is it not better abort than be barren
 Only Michael Johnson has gone quicker setting the world record of 
They chew, swallow, then after a short pause effortlessly bring up the next mouthful.
the hours after you are gone are so leaden
secs in  and running 
A neck muscle stirs and the jaws begin to grind again.
they will always start dragging too soon
secs in 
But perhaps I’m remembering things.
the grapples clawing blindly the bed of want
 Kenyan Bernard Lagat missed out on the world record by 
The road, hard and white, seared the tender pastures, rose and fell at the whim of hills and hollows.
bringing up the bones the old loves
 The Olympic silver medallists time of three minutes 
The town was not far.
sockets filled once with eyes like yours
 Irelands
It was two men, unmistakably, one small and one tall.
all always is it better too soon than never
continued his excellent form by winning a tight m in 
They had left the town, first one, then the other, and then the first, weary or remembering a duty, had retraced his steps.
the black want splashing their faces
secs to secure his victory
The air was sharp, for they wore greatcoats.
saying again nine days never floated the loved
 Olympic m gold medallist
They looked alike, but no more than others do.
nor nine months
secs
At first a wide space lay between them.
nor nine lives
 World indoor m hurdles champion
They couldn’t have seen each other, even had they raised their heads and looked about, because of this wide space, and then because of the undulating land, which caused the road to be in waves, not high, but high enough, high enough.
2
also won improving his seasonleading time to 
But the moment came when together they went down into the same trough and in this trough finally met.
saying again
secs
To say they knew each other, no, nothing warrants it.
if you do not teach me I shall not learn
London hope over Chepkemei
But perhaps at the sound of their steps, or warned by some obscure instinct, they raised their heads and observed each other, for a good fifteen paces, before they stopped, breast to breast.
saying again there is a last
 We are watching it closely said London race director David Bedford
Yes, they did not pass each other by, but halted, face to face, as in the country, of an evening, on a deserted road, two wayfaring strangers will, without there being anything extraordinary about it.
even of last times
Edwards tips Idowu for Euro gold
But they knew each other perhaps.
last times of begging
Idowu landed 
Now in any case they do, now I think they will know each other, greet each other, even in the depths of the town.
last times of loving
 Edwards himself kept Idowu off top spot at the Manchester Games
They turned towards the sea which, far in the east, beyond the fields, loomed high in the waning sky, and exchanged a few words.
of knowing not knowing pretending
 Phillips still needs to be much more consistent
Then each went on his way.
a last even of last times of saying
Chepkemei hit by big ban
Each went on his way, A back towards the town, C on by ways he seemed hardly to know, or not at all, for he went with uncertain step and often stopped to look about him, like someone trying to fix landmarks in his mind, for one day perhaps he may have to retrace his steps, you never know.
if you do not love me I shall not be loved
 We are taking this action in order to salvage our pride said Kiplagat
The treacherous hills where fearfully he ventured were no doubt only known to him from afar, seen perhaps from his bedroom window or from the summit of a monument which, one black day, having nothing in particular to do and turning to height for solace, he had paid his few coppers to climb, slower and slower, up the winding stones.
if I do not love you I shall not love
 She failed to run in the event citing a leg injury
From there he must have seen it all, the plain, the sea, and then these selfsame hills that some call mountains, indigo in places in the evening light, their serried ranges crowding to the skyline, cloven with hidden valleys that the eye divines from sudden shifts of colour and then from other signs for which there are no words, nor even thoughts.
the churn of stale words in the heart again
Holmes secures comeback victory
But all are not divined, even from that height, and often where only one escarpment is discerned, and one crest, in reality there are two, two escarpments, two crests, riven by a valley.
love love love thud of the old plunger
 seconds
But now he knows these hills, that is to say he knows them better, and if ever again he sees them from afar it will be I think with other eyes, and not only that but the within, all that inner space one never sees, the brain and heart and other caverns where thought and feeling dance their sabbath, all that too quite differently disposed.
pestling the unalterable
 It was nice to get that out of the way
He looks old and it is a sorry sight to see him solitary after so many years, so many days and nights unthinkingly given to that rumour rising at birth and even earlier, What shall I do?
whey of words
 I was nervous about whether I would actually be able to get round
What shall I do?
terrified again
 I felt good
now low, a murmur, now precise as the headwaiter’s And to follow?
of not loving
 I just had to relax and use my racing knowledge said Holmes
and often rising to a scream.
of loving and not you
 It was all about winning in front of my home crowd
And in the end, or almost, to be abroad alone, by unknown ways, in the gathering night, with a stick.
of being loved and not by you
 The time is irrelevant
It was a stout stick, he used it to thrust himself onward, or as a defence, when the time came, against dogs and marauders.
of knowing not knowing pretending
 I got round in one piece and didnt disgrace myself
Yes, night was gathering, but the man was innocent, greatly innocent, he had nothing to fear, though he went in fear, he had nothing to fear, there was nothing they could do to him, or very little.
pretending
 Now its about going forward
But he can’t have known it.
I and all the others that will love you
Greek pair attend drugs hearing
I wouldn’t know it myself, if I thought about it.
if they love you
 A decision is expected to be announced before the end of February
Yes, he saw himself threatened, his body threatened, his reason threatened, and perhaps he was, perhaps they were, in spite of his innocence.
3
 Tzekos was also banned for two years by the IAAF
What business has innocence here?
unless they love you
 A trial date has not been set
What relation to the innumerable spirits of darkness?
Ooftish
 We refute both charges as unsubstantiated and illogical he said
It’s not clear.
offer it up plank it down
Chepkemei joins Edinburgh lineup
It seemed to me he wore a cocked hat.
Golgotha was only the potegg
El Guerrouj targets cross country
I remember being struck by it, as I wouldn’t have been for example by a cap or by a bowler.
cancer angina it is all one to us
 Otherwise there is not much point in me going
I watched him recede, overtaken (myself) by his anxiety, at least by an anxiety which was not necessarily his, but of which as it were he partook.
cough up your T.B. don’t be stingy
 I am almost a month behind but I am on the right track
Who knows if it wasn’t my own anxiety overtaking him.
no trifle is too trifling not even a thrombus
Collins appeals against drugs ban
He hadn’t seen me.
anything venereal is especially welcome
 CAS has said that a ruling is normally given within four months of an appeal
I was perched higher than the road’s highest point and flattened what is more against a rock the same colour as myself, that is grey.
that old toga in the mothballs
Holmes feted with further honour
The rock he probably saw.
don’t be sentimental you won’t be wanting it again
 Swedish triple jumper Christian Olsson was voted male athlete of the year
He gazed around as if to engrave the landmarks on his memory and must have seen the rock in the shadow of which I crouched like Belacqua, or Sordello, I forget.
send it along we’ll put it in the pot with the rest
Campbell to extend sprint career
But a man, a fortiori myself, isn’t exactly a landmark, because.
with your love requited and unrequited
Campbell who won Olympic xm relay gold had been unsure about his future
I mean if by some strange chance he were to pass that way again, after a long lapse of time, vanquished, or to look for some lost thing, or to destroy something, his eyes would search out the rock, not the haphazard in its shadow of that unstable fugitive thing, still living flesh.
the things taken too late the things taken too soon
 Ive started back and Im thoroughly enjoying it
No, he certainly didn’t see me, for the reasons I’ve given and then because he was in no humour for that, that evening, no humour for the living, but rather for all that doesn’t stir, or stirs so slowly that a child would scorn it, let alone an old man.
the spirit aching bullock’s scrotum
 Im looking forward to it
However that may be, I mean whether he saw me or whether he didn’t, I repeat I watched him recede, at grips (myself) with the temptation to get up and follow him, perhaps even to catch up with him one day, so as to know him better, be myself less lonely.
you won’t cure it you won’t endure it
 Ive got to run under  seconds for m and under  seconds for m
But in spite of my soul’s leap out to him, at the end of its elastic, I saw him only darkly, because of the dark and then because of the terrain, in the folds of which he disappeared from time to time, to re-emerge further on, but most of all I think because of other things calling me and towards which too one after the other my soul was straining, wildly.
it is you it equals you any fool has to pity you
 Campbell set his m personal best of 
I mean of course the fields, whitening under the dew, and the animals, ceasing from wandering and settling for the night, and the sea, of which nothing, and the sharpening line of crests, and the sky where without seeing them I felt the first stars tremble, and my hand on my knee and above all the other wayfarer, A or C, I don’t remember, going resignedly home.
so parcel up the whole issue and send it along
secs when he won the European title in Budapest in 
Yes, towards my hand also, which my knee felt tremble and of which my eyes saw the wrist only, the heavily veined back, the pallid rows of knuckles.
the whole misery diagnosed undiagnosed misdiagnosed
 And he ran 
But that is not, I mean my hand, what I wish to speak of now, everything in due course, but A or C returning to the town he had just left.
get your friends to do the same we’ll make use of it
secs in the quarterfinals of the m in Sydney on the way to Olympic silver
But after all what was there particularly urban in his aspect?
we’ll make sense of it we’ll put it in the pot with the rest
Isinbayeva heads for Birmingham
He was bare-headed, wore sand-shoes, smoked a cigar.
it all boils down to blood of lamb
Everybody knows how much I enjoy competing in Britain
He moved with a kind of loitering indolence which rightly or wrongly seemed to me expressive.
Saint-Lô
 I always seem to break records there said Isinbayeva
But all that proved nothing, refuted nothing.
Vire will wind in other shadows
 Kelly Holmes and Carolina Kluft are among other Athens winners competing
Perhaps he had come from afar, from the other end of the island even, and was approaching the town for the first time or returning to it after a long absence.
unborn through the bright ways tremble
m to claim the gold medal
A little dog followed him, a pomeranian I think, but I don’t think so.
and the old mind ghost-forsaken
 An Irish Athletics Year
I wasn’t sure at the time and I’m still not sure, though I’ve hardly thought about it.
sink into its havoc
 wont be remembered as one of Irish athletics great years
The little dog followed wretchedly, after the fashion of pomeranians, stopping, turning in slow circles, giving up and then, a little further on, beginning all over again.
my way is in the sand flowing
 At least Sonia managed to make it to Athens
Constipation is a sign of good health in pomeranians.
between the shingle and the dune
 and an early exit
At a given moment, pre-established if you like, I don’t much mind, the gentleman turned back, took the little creature in his arms, drew the cigar from his lips and buried his face in the orange fleece, for it was a gentleman, that was obvious.
the summer rain rains on my life
Sprinter Walker quits athletics
Yes, it was an orange pomeranian, the less I think of it the more certain I am.
on me my life harrying fleeing
 I had intended to race but Im running like a goon said Walker
And yet.
to its beginning to its end
Bekele sets sights on world mark
But would he have come from afar, bare-headed, in sand-shoes, smoking a cigar, followed by a pomeranian?
my peace is there in the receding mist
 I am still as hungry to do as much as I can in this sport said Bekele
Did he not seem rather to have issued from the ramparts, after a good dinner, to take his dog and himself for a walk, like so many citizens, dreaming and farting, when the weather is fine?
when I may cease from treading these long shifting thresholds
 Gebrselassies current record stands at eight minutes 
But was not perhaps in reality the cigar a cutty, and were not the sand-shoes boots, hobnailed, dust-whitened, and what prevented the dog from being one of those stray dogs that you pick up and take in your arms, from compassion or because you have long been straying with no other company than the endless roads, sands, shingle, bogs and heather, than this nature answerable to another court, than at long intervals the fellow-convict you long to stop, embrace, suck, suckle and whom you pass by, with hostile eyes, for fear of his familiarities?
and live the space of a door
 seconds
Until the day when, your endurance gone, in this world for you without arms, you catch up in yours the first mangy cur you meet, carry it the time needed for it to love you and you it, then throw it away.
that opens and shuts
 The meet has already attracted a crop of Olympic talent
Perhaps he had come to that, in spite of appearances.
what would I do without this world faceless incurious
 Britains m and m champion Kelly Holmes is taking part in the m
He disappeared, his head on his chest, the smoking object in his hand.
where to be lasts but an instant where every instant
 Swedish heptathlon gold medallist Carolina Kluft will contest the m hurdles
Let me try and explain.
spills in the void the ignorance of having been
Greek sprinters suspended by IAAF
From things about to disappear I turn away in time.
without this wave where in the end
 They face twoyear bans if found guilty by the Greek Athletics Federation
To watch them out of sight, no, I can’t do it.
body and shadow together are engulfed
 The suspension also covers the athletes controversial coach Christos Tzekos
It was in this sense he disappeared.
what would I do without this silence where the murmurs die
 Some medical staff have been charged with writing false medical reports
Looking away I thought of him, saying, He is dwindling, dwindling.
the pantings the frenzies towards succour towards love
 Tzekos insisted he and the runners had nothing to hide
I knew what I meant.
without this sky that soars
 The IAAFs decision means nothing he said
I knew I could catch him, lame as I was.
above its ballast dust
 Well be presenting all our arguments to SEGAS  were innocent
I had only to want to.
what would I do what I did yesterday and the day before
Athens memories soar above lows
And yet no, for I did want to.
peering out of my deadlight looking for another
One of my favourite Olympic moments was Kellys success in the m
To get up, to get down on the road, to set off hobbling in pursuit of him, to hail him, what could be easier?
wandering like me eddying far from all the living
He was the first man since for  years to win both the m and m titles
He hears my cries, turns, waits for me.
in a convulsive space
 That was her heart and not her head reacting
I am up against him, up against the dog, gasping, between my crutches.
among the voices voiceless
 Paula had a lot of little things going wrong in her preparation and on the day
He is a little frightened of me, a little sorry for me, I disgust him not a little.
that throng my hiddenness
The only individual mens finalist on the track was Michael East in the m
I am not a pretty sight, I don’t smell good.
that there is truth in all
To be honest Im getting bored with all the drug scandals especially Balco
What is it I want?
that chaoses in the
 I just wish the whole thing would come to a head so we can move on
Ah that tone I know, compounded of pity, of fear, of disgust.
I have a dirty I say it
Collins banned in landmark case
I want to see the dog, see the man, at close quarters, know what smokes, inspect the shoes, find out other things.
I say it
 The yearold was found guilty of using performanceenhancing drugs
He is kind, tells me of this and that and other things, whence he comes, whither he goes.
outside the main house
 His hearing before the CSA has been rescheduled for June next year
I believe him, I know it’s my only chance to—my only chance, I believe all I’m told, I’ve disbelieved only too much in my long life, now I swallow everything, greedily.
house of prayer
Drug enforcement chiefs in the US have vowed to crack down on cheats
What I need now is stories, it took me a long time to know that, and I’m not sure of it.
something heart of Mary
 The trial is expected to open next March
There I am then, informed as to certain things, knowing certain things about him, things I didn’t know, things I had craved to know, things I had never thought of.
the skull of Michiel
Jones doping probe begins
What rigmarole.
lying on O’Connell Bridge
 We will find a way to deal with that Pound said
I am even capable of having learnt what his profession is, I who am so interested in professions.
stead of George II
Johnson accuses British sprinters
And to think I try my best not to talk about myself.
the light creeps down their old home canyon
And the American remains highly critical of aspects of British sprinting
In a moment I shall talk about the cows, about the sky, if I can.
sucks me aloof to that old reliable
 Athletes here have to compete more outside the UK
There I am then, he leaves me, he’s in a hurry.
the burning btm of George I
 You cant fix everything with money he admitted
He didn’t seem to be in a hurry, he was loitering, I’ve already said so, but after three minutes of me he is in a hurry, he has to hurry.
ah across the way a adder
 So when they get to the top they are more appreciative
I believe him.
broaches her rat
Radcliffe proves doubters wrong
And once again I am I will not say alone, no, that’s not like me, but, how shall I say, I don’t know, restored to myself, no, I never left myself, free, yes, I don’t know what that means but it’s the word I mean to use, free to do what, to do nothing, to know, but what, the laws of the mind perhaps, of my mind, that for example water rises in proportion as it drowns you and that you would do better, at least no worse, to obliterate texts than to blacken margins, to fill in the holes of words till all is blank and flat and the whole ghastly business looks like what it is, senseless, speechless, issueless misery.
white as snow
This wont go down as one of the greatest marathons of Paulas career
So I doubtless did better, at least no worse, not to stir from my observation post.
in her dazzling oven strom of peristalsis
 But as a test of character it was the toughest race shes ever taken part in
But instead of observing I had the weakness to return in spirit to the other, the man with the stick.
limae labor
 She can now draw a line under this year and make plans about her future
Then the murmurs began again.
ah father father that art in heaven
 She knows she can dig deep if she needs to
To restore silence is the role of objects.
I find me taking the Crystal Palace
 But that was never on the cards
I said, Who knows if he hasn’t simply come out to take the air, relax, stretch his legs, cool his brain by stamping the blood down to his feet, so as to make sure of a good night, a joyous awakening, an enchanted morrow.
for the Blessed Isles from Primrose Hill
 She might have been beaten but she would have kept running
Was he carrying so much as a scrip?
alas I must be that kind of person
 The only question was what position she could finish in
But the way of walking, the anxious looks, the club, could these be reconciled with one’s conception of what is called a little turn?
hence in Ken Wood who shall find me
 If she wasnt confident she wouldnt have run
But the hat, a town hat, an old-fashioned town hat, which the least gust would carry far away.
my breath held in the midst of thickets
Jones medals must go if guilty
Unless it was attached under the chin, by means of a string or an elastic.
none but the most quarried lovers
Radcliffe tackles marathon tasks
I took off my hat and looked at it.
I surprise me moved by the many a funnel hinged
 BBC Sport examines the challenges facing Radcliffe ahead of the big race
It is fastened, it has always been fastened, to my buttonhole, always the same buttonhole, at all seasons, by a long lace.
for the obeisance to Tower Bridge
The ability to run a gruelling 
I am still alive then.
the viper’s curtsy to and from the City
 miles relies largely upon an athletes belief that they can do it
That may come in useful.
till in the dusk a lighter
 If she were to change her preparation and tactics that would be madness
The hand that held the hat I thrust as far as possible from me and moved in an arc, to and fro.
blind with pride
 If Radcliffe crosses the line first she will have proved her critics wrong
As I did so, I watched the lapel of my greatcoat and saw it open and close.
tosses aside the scarf of the bascules
 She must not get caught up in someone elses agenda
I understand now why I never wore a flower in my buttonhole, though it was large enough to hold a whole nosegay.
then in the grey hold of the ambulance
 You cant change history warned Richards
My buttonhole was set aside for my hat.
throbbing on the brink ebb of sighs
 Only one person can win the marathon but lots of people can be successful
It was my hat that I beflowered.
then I hug me below among the canaille
 But that is only for longterm health and fitness
But it is neither of my hat nor of my greatcoat that I hope to speak at present, it would be premature.
until a guttersnipe blast his cernèd eyes
 When you finish a marathon you are still very fit and can recover quickly
Doubtless I shall speak of them later, when the time comes to draw up the inventory of my goods and possessions.
demanding ’ave I done with the Mirror
 So physically it is possible for Paula
Unless I lose them between now and then.
I stump off in a fearful rage under Married Men’s Quarters
 And Yelling says I think this will probably make Paula
But even lost they will have their place, in the inventory of my possessions.
Bloody Tower
 I think it will drive her on and shell come out of it a better athlete
But I am easy in my mind, I shall not lose them.
and afar off at all speed screw me up Wren’s giant bully
Gatlin and Hayes win Owen awards
Nor my crutches, I shall not lose my crutches either.
and curse the day caged panting on the platform
 seconds in Athens
But I shall perhaps one day throw them away.
under the flaring urn
 Hayes  set an Olympic record of 
I must have been on the top, or on the slopes, of some considerable eminence, for otherwise how could I have seen, so far away, so near at hand, so far beneath, so many things, fixed and moving.
I was not born Defoe
 in winning the m hurdles
But what was an eminence doing in this land with hardly a ripple?
but in Ken Wood
 It is such a great honour to win the Jesse Owens Award said Gatlin
And I, what was I doing there, and why come?
who shall find me
Radcliffe enjoys winning comeback
These are things that we shall try and discover.
my brother the fly
 Its a good way to end the year she said
But these are things we must not take seriously.
the common housefly
 Im ready for a good rest now
There is a little of everything, apparently, in nature, and freaks are common.
sidling out of darkness into light
Collins named UK Athletics chief
And I am perhaps confusing several different occasions, and different times, deep down, and deep down is my dwelling, oh not deepest down, somewhere between the mud and the scum.
fastens on his place in the sun
 We have thoroughly tested the candidates
And perhaps it was A one day at one place, then C another at another, then a third the rock and I, and so on for the other components, the cows, the sky, the sea, the mountains.
whets his six legs
 Collins said Its a great challenge
I can’t believe it.
revels in his planes his poisers
 He arrives with British athletics at a crossroads
No, I will not lie, I can easily conceive it.
it is the autumn of his life
 Foster however declared himself satisfied with how the appointment was made
No matter, no matter, let us go on, as if all arose from one and the same weariness, on and on heaping up and up, until there is no room, no light, for any more.
he could not serve typhoid and mammon
White admits to Balco drugs link
What is certain is that the man with the stick did not pass by again that night, because I would have heard him, if he had.
Serena II
 But she added It was my decision to go to him not anybody elses
I don’t say I would have seen him, I say I would have heard him.
this clonic earth
 Whether it be a good product or a bad product he was selling a product
I sleep little and that little by day.
see-saw she is blurred in sleep
 I have no clue what its going to take to change that said White
Oh not systematically, in my life without end I have dabbled with every kind of sleep, but at the time now coming back to me I took my doze in the daytime and, what is more, in the morning.
she is fat half dead the rest is free-wheeling
 I would say I made a mistake and I would never ever go back
Let me hear nothing of the moon, in my night there is no moon, and if it happens that I speak of the stars it is by mistake.
part the black shag the pelt
 I would never recommend anyone to take that route
Now of all the noises that night not one was of those heavy uncertain steps, or of that club with which he sometimes smote the earth until it quaked.
is ashen woad
Trial date is set for Balco case
How agreeable it is to be confirmed, after a more or less long period of vacillation, in one’s first impressions.
snarl and howl in the wood wake all the birds
 A firm decision on whether the trial takes place is expected in January
Perhaps that is what tempers the pangs of death.
hound the harlots out of the ferns
Radcliffe eyes hard line on drugs
Not that I was so conclusively, I mean confirmed, in my first impressions with regard to—wait—C.
this damfool twilight threshing in the brake
Kenteris denies faking road crash
For the wagons and carts which a little before dawn went thundering by, on their way to market with fruit, eggs, butter and perhaps cheese, in one of these perhaps he would have been found, overcome by fatigue or discouragement, perhaps even dead.
bleating to be bloodied
 Part of the investigation has centred on whether they staged the crash
Or he might have gone back to the town by another way too far away for me to hear its sounds, or by little paths through the fields, crushing the silent grass, pounding the silent ground.
this crapulent hush
 Kenteris insisted The accident happened
And so at last I came out of that distant night, divided between the murmurs of my little world, its dutiful confusions, and those so different (so different?)
tear its heart out
 A prosecution means that the case will be cleared
of all that between two suns abides and passes away.
in her dreams she trembles again
 I want to go to the end and then well see whos right and who isnt
Never once a human voice.
way back in the dark old days panting
 I had even rehearsed lighting the cauldron he said
But the cows, when the peasants passed, crying in vain to be milked.
in the claws of the Pins in the stress of her hour
Greek pair set for hearing
A and C I never saw again.
the bag writhes she thinks she is dying
 They also missed tests in Tel Aviv Chicago and Athens before the Games
But perhaps I shall see them again.
the light fails it is time to lie down
 But there has been speculation that the charges could be dropped
But shall I be able to recognize them?
Clew Bay vat of xanthic flowers
Jones files Conte lawsuit
And am I sure I never saw them again?
Croagh Patrick waned Hindu to spite a pilgrim
 Jones won three gold medals and two bronzes in Sydney in 
And what do I mean by seeing and seeing again?
she takes me up on to a watershed
 Contes statements the suit added were false and malicious
An instant of silence, as when the conductor taps on his stand, raises his arms, before the unanswerable clamour.
whence like the rubrics of a childhood
 Mr Contes statements have been wildly contradictory
Smoke, sticks, flesh, hair, at evening, afar, flung about the craving for a fellow.
behold Meath shining through a chink in the hills
Mr Conte is simply not credible
I know how to summon these rags to cover my shame.
posses of larches there is no going back on
IAAF awaits Greek pairs response
I wonder what that means.
a rout of tracks and streams fleeing to the sea
 Under IAAF rules the athletes could receive a maximum oneyear suspension
But I shall not always be in need.
kindergartens of steeples and then the harbour
No date for the trial has yet been set and again Tzekos is also facing charges
But talking of the craving for a fellow let me observe that having waked between eleven o’clock and midday (I heard the angelus, recalling the incarnation, shortly after) I resolved to go and see my mother.
like a woman making to cover her breasts
IAAF to rule on Greek sprint pair
I needed, before I could resolve to go and see that woman, reasons of an urgent nature, and with such reasons, since I did not know what to do, or where to go, it was child’s play for me, the play of an only child, to fill my mind until it was rid of all other preoccupation and I seized with a trembling at the mere idea of being hindered from going there, I mean to my mother, there and then.
and left me
 Kenteris and Thanou could be suspended for up to two years
So I got up, adjusted my crutches and went down to the road, where I found my bicycle (I didn’t know I had one) in the same place I must have left it.
with whatever trust of panic we went out
Holmes starts  with GB events
Which enables me to remark that, crippled though I was, I was no mean cyclist, at that period.
with so much shall we return
Kelly Holmes will start  with a series of races in Britain
This is how I went about it.
there shall be no loss of panic between a man and his dog
 I am still competitive and still want to win she said
I fastened my crutches to the crossbar, one on either side, I propped the foot of my stiff leg (I forget which, now they’re both stiff) on the projecting front axle, and I pedalled with the other.
bitch though he be
 Im an athlete and I cant wait to get back on the track
It was a chainless bicycle, with a free-wheel, if such a bicycle exists.
sodden packet of Churchman
Gebrselassie in London triple bid
Dear bicycle, I shall not call you bike, you were green, like so many of your generation, I don’t know why.
muzzling the cairn
 He was third in London in  in his first serious attempt at the marathon
It is a pleasure to meet it again.
it is worse than dream
Thanou bullish over drugs hearing
To describe it at length would be a pleasure.
the light randy slut can’t be easy
 After five months we finally had the chance to give explanations
It had a little red horn instead of the bell fashionable in your days.
this clonic earth
 I am confident and optimistic said Thanou
To blow this horn was for me a real pleasure, almost a vice.
all these phantoms shuddering out of focus
 We presented new evidence to the committee that they were not aware of
I will go further and declare that if I were obliged to record, in a roll of honour, those activities which in the course of my interminable existence have given me only a mild pain in the balls, the blowing of a rubber horn—toot!—would figure among the first.
it is useless to close the eyes
 We are almost certain that the charges will be dropped said Ioanidis
And when I had to part from my bicycle I took off the horn and kept it about me.
all the chords of the earth broken like a woman pianist’s
We believe that we have presented a case that the charges are unreasonable
I believe I have it still, somewhere, and if I blow it no more it is because it has gone dumb.
the toads abroad again on their rounds
 Thanous coach Christos Tzekos was also suspended by the IAAF
Even motor-cars have no horns nowadays, as I understand the thing, or rarely.
sidling up to their snares
 We did not leave any gaps
When I see one, through the lowered window of a stationary car, I often stop and blow it.
the fairy-tales of Meath ended
 I estimate that the final ruling will be issued by the end of February
This should all be rewritten in the pluperfect.
so say your prayers now and go to bed
Holmes is hit by hamstring injury
What a rest to speak of bicycles and horns.
your prayers before the lamps start to sing behind the larches
 Holmes will have now have intensive treatment in South Africa
Unfortunately it is not of them I have to speak, but of her who brought me into the world, through the hole in her arse if my memory is correct.
here at these knees of stone
Kluft impressed by Sotherton form
First taste of the shit.
then to bye-bye on the bones
 She looked very good early in the season and was competing really well
So I shall only add that every hundred yards or so I stopped to rest my legs, the good one as well as the bad, and not only my legs, not only my legs.
Serena III
What now for Kelly Holmes
I didn’t properly speaking get down off the machine, I remained astride it, my feet on the ground, my arms on the handlebars, my head on my arms, and I waited until I felt better.
fix this pothook of beauty on this palette
 But alarm bells start ringing when the Kent athlete begins questioning herself
But before I leave this earthly paradise, suspended between the mountains and the sea, sheltered from certain winds and exposed to all that Auster vents, in the way of scents and languors, on this accursed country, it would ill become me not to mention the awful cries of the corncrakes that run in the corn, in the meadows, all the short summer night long, dinning their rattles.
you never know it might be final
 That is what I dont know
And this enables me, what is more, to know when that unreal journey began, the second last but one of a form fading among fading forms, and which I here declare without further ado to have begun in the second or third week of June, at the moment that is to say most painful of all when over what is called our hemisphere the sun is at its pitilessmost and the arctic radiance comes pissing on our midnights.
or leave her she is paradise and then
 At  Holmes will also be aware that time is running out
It is then the corncrakes are heard.
plush hymens on your eyeballs
 Holmes will not want to needlessly suffer the indignity of being beaten
My mother never refused to see me, that is she never refused to receive me, for it was many a long day since she had seen anything at all.
In this will I be cut off from all my loved ones
 I think deep down Kelly wants to run
I shall try and speak calmly.
and from every part of the globe
 After her Olympic glory she emphatically denied she planned to retire
We were so old, she and I, she had had me so young, that we were like a couple of old cronies, sexless, unrelated, with the same memories, the same rancours, the same expectations.
unborn through the bright ways tremble
 Shes always been like that
She never called me son, fortunately, I couldn’t have borne it, but Dan, I don’t know why, my name is not Dan.
and the old mind ghost-forsaken
 She enjoys people trying to guess what she is going to do next
Dan was my father’s name perhaps, yes, perhaps she took me for my father.
sink into its havoc
 She knows every time she makes a pronouncement now its headline news
I took her for my mother and she took me for my father.
my way is in the sand flowing
Gardener battles to narrow win
Dan, you remember the day I saved the swallow.
between the shingle and the dune
 It was a close race admitted Gardener
Dan, you remember the day you buried the ring.
the summer rain rains on my life
 I stumbled out the blocks but my experience told through
I remembered, I remembered, I mean I knew more or less what she was talking about, and if I hadn’t always taken part personally in the scenes she evoked, it was just as if I had.
on me my life harrying fleeing
 I still feel theres more life in me and I believe I can go faster
I called her Mag, when I had to call her something.
to its beginning to its end
 onehundreth of a second faster than Gardeners previous mark
And I called her Mag because for me, without my knowing why, the letter g abolished the syllable Ma, and as it were spat on it, better than any other letter would have done.
my peace is there in the receding mist
 Favourite
And at the same time I satisfied a deep and doubtless unacknowledged need, the need to have a Ma, that is a mother, and to proclaim it, audibly.
when I may cease from treading these long shifting thresholds
delivered a powerful performance to take the womens m title in 
For before you say mag you say ma, inevitably.
and live the space of a door
 seconds
And da, in my part of the world, means father.
that opens and shuts
was on recordbreaking form as she stormed to the womens m hurdles crown
Besides for me the question did not arise, at the period I’m worming into now, I mean the question of whether to call her Ma, Mag or the Countess Caca, she having for countless years been as deaf as a post.
what would I do without this world faceless incurious
 seconds to finish ahead of rival Diane Allahgreen
I think she was quite incontinent, both of faeces and water, but a kind of prudishness made us avoid the subject when we met, and I could never be certain of it.
where to be lasts but an instant where every instant
 Im so happy a tearful Claxton told BBC Sport
In any case it can’t have amounted to much, a few niggardly wetted goat-droppings every two or three days.
spills in the void the ignorance of having been
 All the years Ive been running and Im getting recognition
The room smelt of ammonia, oh not merely of ammonia, but of ammonia, ammonia.
without this wave where in the end
 Claxtons time was also good enough to qualify for the European Championships
She knew it was me, by my smell.
body and shadow together are engulfed
The mens m went to form in Sheffield as
Her shrunken hairy old face lit up, she was happy to smell me.
what would I do without this silence where the murmurs die
dominated the race from start to finish
She jabbered away with a rattle of dentures and most of the time didn’t realize what she was saying.
the pantings the frenzies towards succour towards love
 seconds
Anyone but myself would have been lost in this clattering gabble, which can only have stopped during her brief instants of unconsciousness.
without this sky that soars
 Both McIlory and Watkins who set a lifetime best of 
In any case I didn’t come to listen to her.
above its ballast dust
 Olympic bronze heptathlon medallist
I got into communication with her by knocking on her skull.
what would I do without this sky that soars
rounded off a useful weekend with two more personal bests in Sheffield
One knock meant yes, two no, three I don’t know, four money, five goodbye.
above its ballast dust
 The yearold reached 
I was hard put to ram this code into her ruined and frantic understanding, but I did it, in the end.
what would I do what I did yesterday and the day before
m in the high jump and clocked 
That she should confuse yes, no, I don’t know and goodbye, was all the same to me, I confused them myself.
peering out of my deadlight looking for another
secs in the heats of the m hurdles
But that she should associate the four knocks with anything but money was something to be avoided at all costs.
wandering like me eddying far from all the living
 Ive surprised myself said Sotherton
During the period of training therefore, at the same time as I administered the four knocks on her skull, I stuck a bank-note under her nose or in her mouth.
in a convulsive space
 Pole vaulter
In the innocence of my heart!
among the raging tempestors
made a winning return to major competition after a drugs ban
For she seemed to have lost, if not absolutely all notion of mensuration, at least the faculty of counting beyond two.
among the horns that will thunder
also set a new championship mark in the mens triple jump title in Sheffield
It was too far for her, yes, the distance was too great, from one to four.
only behind my bare back the hulk
 The yearold who has been training in Australia over the winter landed 
By the time she came to the fourth knock she imagined she was only at the second, the first two having been erased from her memory as completely as if they had never been felt, though I don’t quite see how something never felt can be erased from the memory, and yet it is a common occurrence.
tired of my darling’s red sputum
m with his final effort  the longest leap in the world this year
She must have thought I was saying no to her all the time, whereas nothing was further from my purpose.
from the Portobello Private Nursing Home
 I didnt have a clue said Idowu
Enlightened by these considerations I looked for and finally found a more effective means of putting the idea of money into her head.
its secret things
 Ive not jumped indoors before and I just wanted the qualifying mark
This consisted in replacing the four knocks of my index-knuckle by one or more (according to my needs) thumps of the fist, on her skull.
and toil to the crest of the surge of the steep perilous bridge
m in second while Jonathan Moore took third
That she understood.
and lapse down blankly under the scream of the hoarding
 Commonwealth champion Morgan reached a personal best of 
In any case I didn’t come for money.
round the bright stiff banner of the hoarding
m on his very first jump and then promptly retired with a bruised heel
I took her money, but I didn’t come for that.
into a black west
 The yearold ran a personal best of 
My mother.
throttled with clouds.
 seconds to win her first indoor title
I don’t think too harshly of her.
Above the mansions the algum-trees
 Irelands
I know she did all she could not to have me, except of course the one thing, and if she never succeeded in getting me unstuck, it was that fate had earmarked me for less compassionate sewers.
the mountains
took the mens title in 
But it was well-meant and that’s enough for me.
my skull sullenly
 ahead of promising Channel Islands decathlete Dale Garland
No, it is not enough for me, but I give her credit, though she is my mother, for what she tried to do for me.
clot of anger
cleared the required 
And I forgive her for having jostled me a little in the first months and spoiled the only endurable, just endurable, period of my enormous history.
skewered aloft strangled in the cang of the wind
 In the mens m
And I also give her credit for not having done it again, thanks to me, or for having stopped in time, when she did.
bites like a dog against its chastisement.
powered to a new personal best of seven minutes 
And if ever I’m reduced to looking for a meaning to my life, you never can tell, it’s in that old mess I’ll stick my nose to begin with, the mess of that poor old uniparous whore and myself the last of my foul brood, neither man nor beast.
I trundle along rapidly now on my ruined feet
 seconds to defend his AAAs title in style
I should add, before I get down to the facts, you’d swear they were facts, of that distant summer afternoon, that with this deaf blind impotent mad old woman, who called me Dan and whom I called Mag, and with her alone, I—no, I can’t say it.
flush with the livid canal;
took the womens m AAAs title in the absence of Kelly Holmes
That is to say I could say it but I won’t say it, yes, I could say it easily, because it wouldn’t be true.
at Parnell Bridge a dying barge
 Her time of 
What did I see of her?
carrying a cargo of nails and timber
 The mens race was won by
A head always, the hands sometimes, the arms rarely.
rocks itself softly in the foaming cloister of the lock;
 who had to fight off a closing pack to claim the title in 
A head always.
on the far bank a gang of down and outs would seem to be mending a beam.
European medal chances improve
Veiled with hair, wrinkles, filth, slobber.
Then for miles only wind
m which puts him at the top of the world rankings
A head that darkened the air.
and the weals creeping alongside on the water
 It wasnt all good news in Sheffield
Not that seeing matters, but it’s something to go on with.
and the world opening up to the south
 I thought both the m races were disappointing in different ways
It was I who took the key from under the pillow, who took the money out of the drawer, who put the key back under the pillow.
across a travesty of champaign to the mountains
 Jason Gardener may have won but he wasnt at his best
But I didn’t come for money.
and the stillborn evening turning a filthy green
 I chatted to him afterwards and he knows it was an offday for him
I think there was a woman who came each week.
manuring the night fungus
 Hes there to be shot at and the other lads nearly got a big scalp out there
Once I touched with my lips, vaguely, hastily, that little grey wizened pear.
and the mind annulled
 If she had made the final I think Jeanette would have gone a bit quicker
Pah.
wrecked in wind.
 So we shall have to see what happens to both of them
Did that please her?
I splashed past a little wearish old man,
McIlroy wins m indoor title
I don’t know.
Democritus,
 seconds
Her babble stopped for a second, then began again.
scuttling along between a crutch and a stick,
 which left her in third place
Perhaps she said to herself, Pah.
his stump caught up horribly, like a claw, under his breech, smoking.
 Gillick was more than halfasecond clear when taking gold in 
I smelt a terrible smell.
Then because a field on the left went up in a sudden blaze
 outside his personal best set in Saturdays semifinals
It must have come from the bowels.
of shouting and urgent whistling and scarlet and blue ganzies
The Irishman is now the fastest European this season
Odour of antiquity.
I stopped and climbed the bank to see the game.
 Derval ORourke broke her own Irish m hurdles record by clocking 
Oh I’m not criticizing her, I don’t diffuse the perfumes of Araby myself.
A child fidgeting at the gate called up:
 which left her third behind new British record holder Sarah Claxton 
Shall I describe the room?
‘Would we be let in Mister?’
 James Nolan 
No.
‘Certainly’ I said ‘you would.’
 took second in the mens m behind Neil Speaight 
I shall have occasion to do so later perhaps.
But, afraid, he set off down the road.
 but the Offaly man was outside the European Indoor standard
When I seek refuge there, bet to the world, all shame drunk, my prick in my rectum, who knows.
‘Well’ I called after him ‘why wouldn’t you go on in?’
 Colin Costello was seventh in the m final in 
Good.
‘Oh’ he said, knowingly,
 Deirdre Ryan was second in the womens high jump with a clearance of 
Now that we know where we’re going, let’s go there.
‘I was in that field before and I got put out.’
m while Aoife Byrne took silver in the m in a personal best of 
It’s so nice to know where you’re going, in the early stages.
So on,
 Lisburns Kelly McNeice Reid 
It almost rids you of the wish to go there.
derelict,
 was seventh in the womens m while Gary Murray 
I was distraught, who am so seldom distraught, from what should I be distraught, and as to my motions even more uncertain than usual.
as from a bush of gorse on fire in the mountain after dark,
 was th in the mens m
The night must have tired me, at least weakened me, and the sun, hoisting itself higher and higher in the east, had poisoned me, while I slept.
or in Sumatra the jungle hymen.
 Cairns came in ahead of Paul Rowan and Allan Bogle in the mens race
I ought to have put the bulk of the rock between it and me before closing my eyes.
Next:
Johnson edges out rival Sotherton
I confuse east and west, the poles too, I invert them readily.
a lamentable family of grey verminous hens,
m  a personal best
I was out of sorts.
perishing out in the sunk field,
m in her last jump after four fouls
They are deep, my sorts, a deep ditch, and I am not often out of them.
trembling, half asleep, against the closed door of a shed,
 Both Johnson and Sotherton passed the European Championships qualifying mark
That’s why I mention it.
with no means of roosting.
 Irelands
Nevertheless I covered several miles and found myself under the ramparts.
The great mushy toadstool,
 seconds
There I dismounted in compliance with the regulations.
green-black,
 There was some consolation for Lambert as he set a personal best of 
Yes, cyclists entering and leaving town are required by the police to dismount, cars to go into bottom gear and horse-drawn vehicles to slow down to a walk.
oozing up after me,
 in the first round  good enough to qualify for Europe
The reason for this regulation is I think this, that the ways into and of course out of this town are narrow and darkened by enormous vaults, without exception.
soaking up the tattered sky like an ink of pestilence,
 There was plenty of hot action in the mens m hurdles where Scotlands
It is a good rule and I observe it religiously, in spite of the difficulty I have in advancing on my crutches pushing my bicycle at the same time.
in my skull the wind going fetid,
was vying for top spot with Olympian Andy Turner
I managed somehow.
the water …
 seconds
Being ingenious.
Next:
 Turner finished second in 
Thus we cleared these difficult straits, my bicycle and I, together.
on the hill down from the Fox and Ge
 after previously setting a personal best on the 
But a little further on I heard myself hailed.
by the number one rescuer
 in the semifinals while Damien Greaves did not finish the final
I raised my head and saw a policeman.
the proud parent of
comfortably defended her m title clocking eight minutes 
Elliptically speaking, for it was only later, by way of induction, or deduction, I forget which, that I knew what it was.
girls and young women
 seconds to easily surpass the European qualifying mark
What are you doing there?
girls and young men
 Helen Clitheroe was agonisingly close to the 
he said.
who have no more for the land
 In the mens m heats
I’m used to that question, I understood it immediately.
and the glass
qualified fastest in the m heats to lay down a challenge to inform
Resting, I said.
shining
 seconds
Resting, he said.
above the glens
 to set up a showdown in Sundays final in Sheffield
Resting, I said.
and the left bank
 Both Watkins and McIlroy have already achieved the European qualifying mark
Will you answer my question?
demanding …
 Scotlands Susan Deacon stole
he cried.
(Leider … mürch … … … … … … … … … … …
s thunder in the final of the womens m
So it always is when I’m reduced to confabulation, I honestly believe I have answered the question I am asked and in reality I do nothing of the kind.
Next:
 seconds  though that time is outside the European standard
I won’t reconstruct the conversation in all its meanderings.
on the hill down from the Fox and Geese into Chapelizod
 In the womens shot put veteran
It ended in my understanding that my way of resting, my attitude when at rest, astride my bicycle, my arms on the handlebars, my head on my arms, was a violation of I don’t know what, public order, public decency.
a small malevolent goat
claimed her fourth AAAs title with a throw of 
Modestly I pointed to my crutches and ventured one or two noises regarding my infirmity, which obliged me to rest as I could, rather than as I should.
impassible behind his pia
 Sotherton finished fifth after producing two throws of 
But there are not two laws, that was the next thing I thought I understood, not two laws, one for the healthy, another for the sick, but one only to which all must bow, rich and poor, young and old, happy and sad.
and voiding all sense
 In the absence of injured British number one Carl Myerscough
He was eloquent.
of itself
claimed the mens shot put title with a throw of 
I pointed out that I was not sad.
sailing slouching
m which was below the qualifying mark
That was a mistake.
flush the surge of the livid mamma against the dune
Sales Robert Mitchell climbed to a seasons best of 
Your papers, he said, I knew it a moment later.
too late to darken the sky
could only clear 
Not at all, I said, not at all.
under the tulips of the evening
 There was bad luck for British number one
Your papers!
stooping to the prone who must
in the pole vault as he failed to clear the bar after deciding to come in at 
he cried.
soon take up their life and walk
m And Irelands Taniesha Scanlon set a new national record of 
Ah my papers.
carry on their feet
m in the womens triple jump
Now the only papers I carry with me are bits of newspaper, to wipe myself, you understand, when I have a stool.
carry on their mouths
Brizzel to run AAAs in Sheffield
Oh I don’t say I wipe myself every time I have a stool, no, but I like to be in a position to do so, if I have to.
carry on their stirps
 Brizzel will defend his m title in the British trials
Nothing strange about that, it seems to me.
carry on their spirits
 McIlroy has been in tremendous form on the European circuit in recent weeks
In a panic I took this paper from my pocket and thrust it under his nose.
carry on their spirits
Holmes urged to compete at Worlds
The weather was fine.
Enueg I
 There is only excitement at what might happen
We took the little side streets, quiet, sunlit, I springing along between my crutches, he pushing my bicycle, with the tips of his white-gloved fingers.
Exeo in a spasm
 It is good for the sport
I wasn’t—I didn’t feel unhappy.
tired of my darling’s red sputum
 She always fetches the best out of everyone
I stopped a moment, I made so bold, to lift my hand and touch the crown of my hat.
from the Portobello Private Nursing Home
 That is the sort of competition that I like
It was scorching.
its secret things
 She is special to me
I felt the faces turning to look after us, calm faces and joyful faces, faces of men, of women and of children.
and toil to the crest of the surge of the surge of the steep perilous bridge
 She was like my idol from the beginning of my career
I seemed to hear, at a certain moment, a distant music.
and lapse down blankly under the scream of the hoarding
McIlroy continues winning streak
I stopped, the better to listen.
round the bright stiff banner of the hoarding
The Northern Ireland runner set a new personal best of one minute 
Go on, he said.
into a black west
 Im qualified now and thats what matters most said the yearold
Listen, I said.
throttled with clouds.
 seconds
Get on, he said.
Above the mansions the algum-trees
Radcliffe will compete in London
I wasn’t allowed to listen to the music.
the mountains
 But the yearold bounced back to win the New York Marathon in November
It might have drawn a crowd.
my skull sullenly
 I dont pick races thinking about things like pressure
He gave me a shove.
clot of anger
 I pick the ones in my heart I really want to do
I had been touched, oh not my skin, but none the less my skin had felt it, it had felt a man’s hard fist, through its coverings.
skewered aloft strangled in the cang of the wind
 It is also the th anniversary this year which adds to the occasion
While still putting my best foot foremost I gave myself up to that golden moment, as if I had been someone else.
bites like a dog against its chastisement.
Britain boosted by Holmes double
It was the hour of rest, the forenoon’s toil ended, the afternoon’s to come.
I trundle along rapidly now on my ruined feet
 Britains mens xm relay team also did their bit by taking a shock gold
The wisest perhaps, lying in the squares or sitting on their doorsteps, were savouring its languid ending, forgetful of recent cares, indifferent to those at hand.
flush with the livid canal;
 Just five days later the yearold made it double gold in the m
Others on the contrary were using it to hatch their plans, their heads in their hands.
at Parnell Bridge a dying barge
 seconds
Was there one among them to put himself in my place, to feel how removed I was then from him I seemed to be, and in that remove what strain, as of hawsers about to snap?
carrying a cargo of nails and timber
 Sadly the  Olympics did not escape the problems of drugs misuse
It’s possible.
rocks itself softly in the foaming cloister of the lock;
 Her rivalry with compatriot Svetlana Feofanova livened up the field events
Yes, I was straining towards those spurious deeps, their lying promise of gravity and peace, from all my old poisons I struggled towards them, safely bound.
on the far bank a gang of down and outs would seem to be mending a beam.
LewisFrancis eyeing world gold
Under the blue sky, under the watchful gaze.
Then for miles only wind
 It can happen I dont see why not he said
Forgetful of my mother, set free from the act, merged in this alien hour, saying, Respite, respite.
and the weals creeping alongside on the water
GB select Holmes for double bid
At the police-station I was haled before a very strange official.
and the world opening up to the south
 But UK Athletics chief Max Jones believes it is likely Holmes will race
Dressed in plain-clothes, in his shirt-sleeves, he was sprawling in an arm-chair, his feet on his desk, a straw hat on his head and protruding from his mouth a thin flexible object I could not identify.
across a travesty of champaign to the mountains
 He said Its worth a punt isnt it Shes gone back to training
I had time to become aware of these details before he dismissed me.
and the stillborn evening turning a filthy green
 If shes confident she will pick one distance
He listened to his subordinate’s report and then began to interrogate me in a tone which, from the point of view of civility, left increasingly to be desired, in my opinion.
manuring the night fungus
 The programme does not permit both
Between his questions and my answers, I mean those deserving of consideration, the intervals were more or less long and turbulent.
and the mind annulled
 I am inclined to think she will compete
I am so little used to being asked anything that when I am asked something I take some time to know what.
wrecked in wind.
 It could depend on how training goes and she will have to be close to top form
And the mistake I make then is this, that instead of quietly reflecting on what I have just heard, and heard distinctly, not being hard of hearing, in spite of all I have heard, I hasten to answer blindly, fearing perhaps lest my silence fan their anger to fury.
I splashed past a little wearish old man,
 She is a very good team member and is very good to have there he added
I am full of fear, I have gone in fear all my life, in fear of blows.
Democritus,
 There are  newcomers at this level of competition in GBs strong team
Insults, abuse, these I can easily bear, but I could never get used to blows.
scuttling along between a crutch and a stick,
T Abeyie Woodford Green with Essex Ladies C Lambert Belgrave Harriers
It’s strange.
his stump caught up horribly, like a claw, under his breech, smoking.
D Garland Channel Islands AC
Even spits still pain me.
Then because a field on the left went up in a sudden blaze
J McIlroy Windsor Slough Eton and Hounslow AC Jimmy Watkins Cardiff AAC
But they have only to be a little gentle, I mean refrain from hitting me, and I seldom fail to give satisfaction, in the long run.
of shouting and urgent whistling and scarlet and blue ganzies
B Challenger Belgrave Harriers
Now the sergeant, content to threaten me with a cylindrical ruler, was little by little rewarded for his pains by the discovery that I had no papers in the sense this word had a sense for him, nor any occupation, nor any domicile, that my surname escaped me for the moment and that I was on my way to my mother, whose charity kept me dying.
I stopped and climbed the bank to see the game.
 Pole vault N Buckfield Crawley AC
As to her address, I was in the dark, but knew how to get there, even in the dark.
A child fidgeting at the gate called up:
N Morgan Birchfield Harriers C Tomlinson Newham and Essex Beagles
The district?
‘Would we be let in Mister?’
K Wall Basildon AC
By the shambles, your honour, for from my mother’s room, through the closed windows, I had heard, stilling her chatter, the bellowing of the cattle, that violent raucous tremulous bellowing not of the pastures but of the towns, their shambles and cattle-markets.
‘Certainly’ I said ‘you would.’
K Holmes Ealing Southall and Middlesex AC
Yes, after all, I had perhaps gone too far in saying that my mother lived near the shambles, it could equally well have been the cattle-market, near which she lived.
But, afraid, he set off down the road.
H Clitheroe Preston Harriers K Holmes Ealing Southall and Middlesex AC
Never mind, said the sergeant, it’s the same district.
‘Well’ I called after him ‘why wouldn’t you go on in?’
J Pavey Exeter Harriers
I took advantage of the silence which followed these kind words to turn towards the window, blindly or nearly, for I had closed my eyes, proffering to that blandness of blue and gold my face and neck alone, and my mind empty too, or nearly, for I must have been wondering if I did not feel like sitting down, after such a long time standing, and remembering what I had learnt in that connection, namely that the sitting posture was not for me any more, because of my short stiff leg, and that there were only two postures for me any more, the vertical, drooping between my crutches, sleeping on my feet, and the horizontal, down on the ground.
‘Oh’ he said, knowingly,
D Allahgreen Trafford AC S Claxton Belgrave Harriers
And yet the desire to sit down came upon me from time to time, back upon me from a vanished world.
‘I was in that field before and I got put out.’
J Crane Sale Harriers Manchester S Jones Trafford AC
And I did not always resist it, forewarned though I was.
So on,
J Whitlock Trafford AC
Yes, my mind felt it surely, this tiny sediment, incomprehensibly stirring like grit at the bottom of a puddle, while on my face and great big Adam’s apple the air of summer weighed and the splendid summer sky.
derelict,
J Johnson Herne Hill Harriers
And suddenly I remembered my name, Molloy.
as from a bush of gorse on fire in the mountain after dark,
K Sotherton Birchfield Harriers
My name is Molloy, I cried, all of a sudden, now I remember.
or in Sumatra the jungle hymen,
Holmes back on form in Birmingham
Nothing compelled me to give this information, but I gave it, hoping to please I suppose.
the still flagrant rafflesia.
 seconds
They let me keep my hat on, I don’t know why.
Next:
 Ill probably be entered and make my mind up at the last minute she said
Is it your mother’s name?
on the hill down from the Fox and Geese into Chapelizod
 My training hasnt gone as well as expected but Ive got two weeks to decide
said the sergeant, it must have been a sergeant.
a child fidgeting at the gate called after me ‘why wouldn’t you go on in?’
 I need to take my time and make sure I feel good about what Im doing
Molloy, I cried, my name is Molloy.
‘Oh’ he said, knowingly,
 American
Is that your mother’s name?
‘I was in that field before and I got put out.’
was the eventual winner of the mens m race which almost ended in farce
said the sergeant.
So on,
 You cant win them all said Gardener afterwards
What?
derelict,
 And I was very disappointed as I know Im capable of doing better
I said.
as from a bush of gorse on fire in the mountain after dark,
 Russian
Your name is Molloy, said the sergeant.
or in Sumatra the jungle hymen,
was back on recordbreaking form in the pole vault at the National Indoor Arena
Yes, I said, now I remember.
the still flagrant rafflesia.
The Olympic champion set a new world mark of 
And your mother?
Next:
 It was Isinbayevas th world record  indoors or out  since July 
said the sergeant.
on the hill down from the Fox and Geese into
 Jamaicas
I didn’t follow.
I see the face in question
stormed to a personal best of 
Is your mother’s name Molloy too?
her name is Viola
 seconds to claim the womens m sprint
said the sergeant.
her son is in the same boat as she
Jamaican
I thought it over.
sees me out of the blue
stretched her unbeaten record to  races as she effortlessly claimed the m
Your mother, said the sergeant, is your mother’s—.
threatening a wire.
 The Olympic champion set a new indoor personal best of 
Let me think!
She pants her face in shame
 seconds  the fastest time in the world this season
I cried.
and jolts out of her slouch.
 The yearold Briton clocked 
At least I imagine that’s how it was.
She fetches up her six o’clock stan Hommes balls and muzzles them.
 Ethiopias
Take your time, said the sergeant.
She makes a sudden accusative sound
 seconds  the fourth fastest time ever recorded for the event
Was mother’s name Molloy?
of all foul and sweet flowers
 Kenyan
Very likely.
and rages on in the dark
 in Birmingham
Her name must be Molloy too, I said.
like a woman making to cover her breasts
was still struggling to find his form after the death of his fiancee this year
They took me away, to the guard-room I suppose, and there I was told to sit down.
and as if by magic her magic
 But fellow Ethiopian
I must have tried to explain.
not only succeeded in making
 Jamaican
I won’t go into it.
me but she too had done it.
made the most of a blistering start to take the mens m title in 
I obtained permission, if not to lie down on a bench, at least to remain standing, propped against the wall.
How am I supposed to know that I did not do something
 seconds
The room was dark and full of people hastening to and fro, malefactors, policemen, lawyers, priests and journalists I suppose.
not only a favour to her daughter
 Swede
All that made a dark, dark forms crowding in a dark place.
but also a favour to me too
 The Olympic heptathlon gold medallist reached 
They paid no attention to me and I repaid the compliment.
if I do not make use of it
m to better Johnsons mark of 
Then how could I know they were paying no attention to me, and how could I repay the compliment, since they were paying no attention to me?
soon will be the appointed hour
m  her second personal best inside a week
I don’t know.
and the day when I and all the others
 But Im pleased and hopefully Ill get a bit better for the Europeans
I knew it and I did it, that’s all I know.
honourably so-
 I really want to win a medal
But suddenly a woman rose up before me, a big fat woman dressed in black, or rather in mauve.
upon me my life and thine
won the mens event with a seasons best of 
I still wonder today if it wasn’t the social worker.
and thine too
m taking the scalp of world indoor champion Savante Stringfellow of the USA
She was holding out to me, on an odd saucer, a mug full of a greyish concoction which must have been green tea with saccharine and powdered milk.
upon me their lives
Record fails to lift lacklustre meet
Nor was that all, for between mug and saucer a thick slab of dry bread was precariously lodged, so that I began to say, in a kind of anguish, It’s going to fall, it’s going to fall, as if it mattered whether it fell or not.
3
 She looked good and was very positive
A moment later I myself was holding, in my trembling hands, this little pile of tottering disparates, in which the hard, the liquid and the soft were joined, without understanding how the transfer had been effected.
saying again there is a last
 He started well in the final but still could not stay with the frontrunners
Let me tell you this, when social workers offer you, free, gratis and for nothing, something to hinder you from swooning, which with them is an obsession, it is useless to recoil, they will pursue you to the ends of the earth, the vomitory in their hands.
even of last times
 My view is youre meant to go when the gun goes and not before
The Salvation Army is no better.
last times of begging
 Having said that Mark is looking in much better shape
Against the charitable gesture there is no defence, that I know of.
last times of loving
 seconds  will be under threat at the Europeans
You sink your head, you put out your hands all trembling and twined together and you say, Thank you, thank you lady, thank you kind lady.
of knowing not knowing pretending
 seconds
To him who has nothing it is forbidden not to relish filth.
a last even of last times of saying
 She had a go but just could not hang in there
The liquid overflowed, the mug rocked with a noise of chattering teeth, not mine, I had none, and the sodden bread sagged more and more.
if you do not say so you will not say so
 We were also expecting a bit more from Bernard Lagat in the mens m
Until, panic-striken, I flung it all far from me.
unless I do
 As for Kenenisa Bekele he was well beaten by Markos Geneti
I did not let it fall, no, but with a convulsive thrust of both my hands I threw it to the ground, where it smashed to smithereens, or against the wall, far from me, with all my strength.
agitated now by a want of vigilant eye
Tomlinson stays focused on Europe
I will not tell what followed, for I am weary of this place, I want to go.
this metic toga in the pit of the Liffey
 Its nothing serious said his coach Peter Stanley
It was late afternoon when they told me I could go.
and gliding
 Sprinter Mark LewisFrancis will also not compete in Madrid on Thursday
I was advised to behave better in future.
buckets of fizzling gums are raining on the sky
 The Birmingham athlete who clocked a seasons best of 
Conscious of my wrongs, knowing now the reasons for my arrest, alive to my irregular situation as revealed by the enquiry, I was surprised to find myself so soon at freedom once again, if that is what it was, unpenalized.
at the outset of the next day
 The Middlesbrough athlete jumped a seasons best of 
Had I, without my knowledge, a friend at court?
a sad lamentable oar
Running around the Olympics
Had I, without knowing it, favourably impressed the sergeant?
appear as if in their midst a surge of anger were over
 But I still managed to do all my marathon training
Had they succeeded in finding my mother and obtaining from her, or from the neighbours, partial confirmation of my statements?
struck it was not their fault
 I never feel guilty about eating especially when Im exercising
Were they of the opinion that it was useless to prosecute me?
an ounce of sense and nonsense were mingling
 One of the IOCs technical staff from Australia ran alongside me one day
To apply the letter of the law to a creature like me is not an easy matter.
and phantoms waned out of phase
 It was good to get out on the road for my long run on Sunday
It can be done, but reason is against it.
vomiting up to their last straw
 After the week Id had I was a bit concerned I wouldnt be able to complete it
It is better to leave things to the police.
vomiting up to its last straw
Johnson uncertain about Euro bid
I don’t know.
who have no more for the land
The yearold delivered a personal best of 
If it is unlawful to be without papers, why did they not insist on my getting them.
and the glass unmisted above your eyes
 I dont want to go if I am not going to get a medal said Johnson
Because that costs money and I had none?
dread nay
 Its the stress said Johnson
But in that case could they not have appropriated my bicycle?
head fast
 I am not used to feeling this this early
Probably not, without a court order.
in out as dead
 I am just used to training
All that is incomprehensible.
asleep on the ladders
 But if Im doing this kind of thing then I will have to see how it goes
What is certain is this, that I never rested in that way again, my feet obscenely resting on the earth, my arms on the handlebars and on my arms my head, rocking and abandoned.
frescoward free up the fjord of dyed eggs and thongbells
 Johnson next competes in the highclass Birmingham Grand Prix on  February
It is indeed a deplorable sight, a deplorable example, for the people, who so need to be encouraged, in their bitter toil, and to have before their eyes manifestations of strength only, of courage and of joy, without which they might collapse, at the end of the day, and roll on the ground.
and the like
Pavey focuses on indoor success
I have only to be told what good behaviour is and I am well-behaved, within the limits of my physical possibilities.
in a hag she drops her young
 Because of previous injuries I dont even run up hills in training
And so I have never ceased to improve, from this point of view, for I—I used to be intelligent and quick.
the big one she was meant to be
Gardener wins double in Glasgow
And as far as goodwill is concerned, I had it to overflowing, the exasperated goodwill of the over-anxious.
and the others as she went along
 His times of 
So that my repertory of permitted attitudes has never ceased to grow, from my first steps until my last, executed last year.
tired of me she must be dying
 and 
And if I have always behaved like a pig, the fault lies not with me but with my superiors, who corrected me only on points of detail instead of showing me the essence of the system, after the manner of the great English schools, and the guiding principles of good manners, and how to proceed, without going wrong, from the former to the latter, and how to trace back to its ultimate source a given comportment.
head fast
 seconds were well short of American Maurice Greenes m world record of 
For that would have allowed me, before parading in public certain habits such as the finger in the nose, the scratching of the balls, digital emunction and the peripatetic piss, to refer them to the first rules of a reasoned theory.
in out as dead as if she were
secs from 
On this subject I had only negative and empirical notions, which means that I was in the dark, most of the time, and all the more completely as a lifetime of observations had left me doubting the possibility of systematic decorum, even within a limited area.
head
 It was important to come out and make sure I got maximum points
But it is only since I have ceased to live that I think of these things and the other things.
unborn into the liffey
 My last race was the Olympic final and there was a lot of expectation
It is in the tranquillity of decomposition that I remember the long confused emotion which was my life, and that I judge it, as it is said that God will judge me, and with no less impertinence.
head
 This was just what I needed to sharpen up and get some race fitness
To decompose is to live too, I know, I know, don’t torment me, but one sometimes forgets.
head as dead
 Im very excited about the next couple of months
And of that life too I shall tell you perhaps one day, the day I know that when I thought I knew I was merely existing and that passion without form or stations will have devoured me down to the rotting flesh itself and that when I know that I know nothing, am only crying out as I have always cried out, more or less piercingly, more or less openly.
ashen smooth the face
Double Olympic champion
Let me cry out then, it’s said to be good for you.
tired of me dead on the ladders
 There was a third success for Britain when
Yes, let me cry out, this time, then another time perhaps, then perhaps a last time.
hinges up and down
secs
Cry out that the declining sun fell full on the white wall of the barracks.
deep in the cang of embers
 Maduaka was unable to repeat the feat in the m finishing down in fourth as
It was like being in China.
potwalloping in the dark
took the win for Russia
A confused shadow was cast.
nay
won the triple jump with a leap of 
It was I and my bicycle.
head fast
m with Britains Tosin Oke fourth in 
I began to play, gesticulating, waving my hat, moving my bicycle to and fro before me, blowing the horn, watching the wall.
in the other end as far as I know
won the mens pole vault competition with a clearance of 
They were watching me through the bars, I felt their eyes upon me.
you are safe in the liffey
m with Britains Nick Buckfield cm adrift of his personal best in third
The policeman on guard at the door told me to go away.
the others as far as I know
won the womens m with Britains Jenny Meadows third
He needn’t have, I was calm again.
you are unlucky not out in the world
 There was yet another Russian victory in the womens m as
The shadow in the end is no better than the substance.
you are loved long dead in the pit of the Liffey
finished well clear of Britains Catherine Murphy
I asked the man to help me, to have pity on me.
and buried
held off Leslie Djhone of France
He didn’t understand.
head
 Frances
I thought of the food I had refused.
ashen smooth the face
won the mens m with Brett Rund fourth for Britain
I took a pebble from my pocket and sucked it.
tired of me
 Italy grabbed their first victory in the mens m as
It was smooth, from having been sucked so long, by me, and beaten by the storm.
long hair in the brown waste
African double in Edinburgh
A little pebble in your mouth, round and smooth, appeases, soothes, makes you forget your hunger, forget your thirst.
you shall be loved
World m champion Eliud Kipchoge won the 
The man came towards me, angered by my slowness.
you shall be loved
km race at the View From Great Edinburgh Cross Country
Him too they were watching, through the windows.
at the neck of the way
km race
Somewhere someone laughed.
long hair in the brown waste
 Britons Kathy Butler and Hayley Yelling were out of contention early on
Inside me too someone was laughing.
cock up your guts!
Yelling takes Cardiff hattrick
I took my sick leg in my hands and passed it over the frame.
you shall be loved
Butler strikes gold in Spain
I went.
dread nay
km race
I had forgotten where I was going.
head fast
 She then shrugged off her Portuguese rival to win in  minutes  seconds
I stopped to think.
in the other end as far as I know
 Meanwhile Briton Karl Keska battled bravely to finish seventh in the mens 
It is difficult to think riding, for me.
you are safe in the liffey
km race in a time of 
When I try and think riding I lose my balance and fall.
the others as far as I know
Wada will appeal against ruling
I speak in the present tense, it is so easy to speak in the present tense, when speaking of the past.
you are loved
 Kenteriss lawyer Gregory Ioannidis reacted angrily to Pounds comments
It is the mythological present, don’t mind it.
ashen smooth the face
Greek sprinters wont run again
I was already settling in my raglimp stasis when I remembered it wasn’t done.
tired of me
 The damage to their commercial interests has been done he added
I went on my way, that way of which I knew nothing, qua way, which was nothing more than a surface, bright or dark, smooth or rough, and always dear to me, in spite of all, and the dear sound of that which goes and is gone, with a brief dust, when the weather is dry.
long hair in the brown waste
IAAF will contest Greek decision
There I am then, before I knew I had left the town, on the canal-bank.
cock up your guts!
 The decision in both cases will be final and binding
The canal goes through the town, I know, I know, there are even two.
you shall be loved
Segas said the IAAF appeal was expected and understandable
But then these hedges, these fields?
you shall be loved
 and nine audio tapes
Don’t torment yourself, Molloy.
at the neck of the way
We have the evidence and it is time the world discovered the truth
Suddenly I see, it was my right leg the stiff one, then.
long hair in the brown waste
Greek duo cleared in doping case
Toiling towards me along the tow-path I saw a team of little grey donkeys, on the far bank, and I heard angry cries and dull blows.
cock up your guts!
 The pairs former coach Christos Tzekos has been banned for four years
I got down.
you shall be loved
 The charge cannot be substantiated he said
I put my foot to the ground the better to see the approaching barge, so gently approaching that the water was unruffled.
you shall be loved
 In no way was he Kenteris informed to appear for a doping test
It was a cargo of nails and timber, on its way to some carpenter I suppose.
on the other hand
 The same goes for Thanou
My eyes caught a donkey’s eyes, they fell to his little feet, their brave fastidious tread.
in the other end as far as I know
 It shows he has no case to answer
The boatman rested his elbow on his knee, his head on his hand.
you are loved
 But the IAAF said it was very surprised by the verdict
He had a long white beard.
ashen smooth the face
 Our doping review board will now consider the English version of the decision
Every three or four puffs, without taking his pipe from his mouth, he spat into the water.
tired of me
Johnson too strong for GB runners
I could not see his eyes.
black in the claws of the Pins in the grey spew
 Masais fellow Kenyan Alice Timbilil finished third
The horizon was burning with sulphur and phosphorus, it was there I was bound.
hare grows up fat it is all one to us
Holmes starts  with GB events
At last I got right down, hobbled down to the ditch and lay down, beside my bicycle.
cough up your T.B. don’t be stingy
Kelly Holmes will start  with a series of races in Britain
I lay at full stretch, with outspread arms.
no trifle is too trifling not even a thrombus
 I am still competitive and still want to win she said
The white hawthorn stooped towards me, unfortunately I don’t like the smell of hawthorn.
nothing out of the ordinary
 Im an athlete and I cant wait to get back on the track
In the ditch the grass was thick and high, I took off my hat and pressed about my face the long leafy stalks.
occasional eye
Tulu to appear at Caledonian run
Then I could smell the earth, the smell of the earth was in the grass that my hands wove round my face till I was blinded.
opens wide in a pitiful crescent
The yearold Ethiopian is the first star name to enter the event
I ate a little too, a little grass.
blind to the night
 Shes an ultraconsistent championships racer
It came back to my mind, from nowhere, as a moment before my name, that I had set out to see my mother, at the beginning of this ending day.
spotless still to the sky
Disappointed Scott in solid start
My reasons?
before me
 The race was won by Felipe Vivancos who equalled the Spanish record
I had forgotten them.
terrified again
Swedens Robert Kronberg was second with Haitis Dudley Dorival in third
But I knew them, I must have known them, I had only to find them again and I would sweep, with the clipped wings of necessity, to my mother.
man in black
 Scott was slightly disappointed with his run in the final
Yes, it’s all easy when you know why, a mere matter of magic.
tires bleeding,
 He won his heat in 
Yes, the whole thing is to know what saint to implore, any fool can implore him.
an hour and a half after he has been
secs but ran 
For the particulars, if you are interested in particulars, there is no need to despair, you may scrabble on the right door, in the right way, in the end.
putting the ambulance in the chimney
secs slower in his first IAAF Indoor Grand Prix circuit final
It’s for the whole there seems to be no spell.
and burning like a boy
 I should have done better than that he said
Perhaps there is no whole, before you’re dead.
with a crutch.
 I felt I could have won it
An opiate for the life of the dead, that should be easy.
in his anger become like a bull
 I got a poor start  but I still felt I should have ran faster
What am I waiting for then, to exorcize mine?
in his anger become a cob
secs while Kronberg and Dorival clocked 
It’s coming, it’s coming.
and half-crooked he must stoop
secs and 
I hear from here the howl resolving all, even if it is not mine.
in a pitiful crescent
secs respectively
Meanwhile there’s no use knowing you are gone, you are not, you are writhing yet, the hair is growing, the nails are growing, the entrails emptying, all the morticians are dead.
and eyes peering out of tattered sky
GB quartet get cross country call
Someone has drawn the blinds, you perhaps.
as from a lost light cycle
 Winning the European cross country title meant so much to me said Yelling
Not the faintest sound.
tired of looking for the light
Jones files lawsuit against Conte
Where are the famous flies?
that shoves all that stands
 Jones won three gold medals and two bronzes in Sydney in 
Yes, there is no denying it, any longer, it is not you who are dead, but all the others.
in a black pit.
 Contes statements the suit added were false and malicious
So you get up and go to your mother, who thinks she is alive.
ist thou alone
 Mr Contes statements have been wildly contradictory
That’s my impression.
alone in the affirmative
Mr Conte is simply not credible
But now I shall have to get myself out of this ditch.
on the left bank a pitiful crescent
Thanou desperate to make return
How joyfully I would vanish there, sinking deeper and deeper under the rains.
in the bright evening sky
 If given the green light I will run again  thats the only thing I want
No doubt I’ll come back some day, here, or to a similar slough, I can trust my feet for that, as no doubt some day I’ll meet again the sergeant and his merry men.
a small malevolence
 I cannot deny that we made a lot of mistakes during that time
And if, too changed to know it is they, I do not say it is they, make no mistake, it will be they, though changed.
distraught at mother nature
 I always said we needed a PR person
For to contrive a being, a place, I nearly said an hour, but I would not hurt anyone’s feelings, and then to use them no more, that would be, how shall I say, I don’t know.
and above all in the east
 I am a champion
Not to want to say, not to know what you want to say, not to be able to say what you think you want to say, and never to stop saying, or hardly ever, that is the thing to keep in mind, even in the heat of composition.
and the west
 I cannot risk everything Ive achieved in such a silly way
That night was not like the other night, if it had been I would have known.
and the face in the dusk
Relay squad thrilled with honours
For when I try and think of that night, on the canal-bank, I find nothing, no night properly speaking, nothing but Molloy in the ditch, and perfect silence, and behind my closed lids the little night and its little lights, faint at first, then flaming and extinguished, now ravening, now fed, as fire by filth and martyrs.
the eye closed on her prowl
 I think this award reinforces what we did on that fantastic night he said
I say that night, but there was more than one perhaps.
and the mind folded in her starlight
 seconds  just one hundredth of a second ahead of their rivals
The lie, the lie, to lying thought.
all thoughts displaced in the east
 Its all I ever wanted
But I find the morning, a morning, and the sun already high, and the little sleep I had then, according to my custom, and space with its sounds again, and the shepherd watching me sleep and under whose eyes I opened my eyes.
and the face in the dusk
 All my life that is what I dreamed of doing
Beside him a panting dog, watching me too, but less closely than his master, for from time to time he stopped watching me to gnaw at his flesh, furiously, where the ticks were in him I suppose.
the head in the dust
 Life since then has been fantastic
Did he take me for a black sheep entangled in the brambles and was he waiting for an order from his master to drag me out?
and the rest is ashen woad
 Ive not just stumbled upon this
I don’t think so.
on the moor.
 There was also recognition for James Clarke chairman of the London Marathon
I don’t smell like a sheep, I wish I smelt like a sheep, or a buck-goat.
the wild boar in the ass
 He becomes an OBE
When I wake I see the first things quite clearly, the first things that offer, and I understand them, when they are not too difficult.
the arse in the rice
Balco case trial date pushed back
Then in my eyes and in my head a fine rain begins to fall, as from a rose, highly important.
the neck sunk in the forth surge of the day
 No official trial date has been set but it is expected to begin in September
So I knew at once it was a shepherd and his dog I had before me, above me rather, for they had not left the path.
the eye peering out of the dead tissue
Collins calls for Chambers return
And I identified the bleating too, without any trouble, the anxious bleating of the sheep, missing the dog at their heels.
anticipating the movement of the tide
 It was too harsh Collins told Radio Five Live
It is then too that the meaning of words is least obscure to me, so that I said, with tranquil assurance, Where are you taking them, to the fields or to the shambles?
what would not of happened if there were no mansions.
 They should reconsider
I must have completely lost my sense of direction, as if direction had anything to do with the matter.
geez despaired of gorse
 Collins added He is a great guy and I have never had any problems with him
For even if he was going towards the town, what prevented him from skirting it, or from leaving it again by another gate, on his way to new pastures, and if he was going away from it that meant nothing either, for slaughter-houses are not confined to towns, no, they are everywhere, the country is full of them, every butcher has his slaughter-house and the right to slaughter, according to his lights.
digging in his grave
 We are friends
But whether it was he didn’t understand, or didn’t want to reply, he didn’t reply, but went on his way without a word, without a word for me I mean, for he spoke to his dog who listened attentively, cocking his ears.
digging in his grave
 I would like to see Dwain come back and compete again
I got to my knees, no, that doesn’t work, I got up and watched the little procession recede.
hoe in his grave
 He is a good person
I heard the shepherd whistle, and I saw him flourishing his crook, and the dog bustling about the flock, which but for him would no doubt have fallen into the canal.
the bones caught in his grasp
Costin aims for comeback in 
All that through a glittering dust, and soon through that mist too which rises in me every day and veils the world from me and veils me from myself.
and he took the plank;
Jamie Costin should be paralysed
The bleating grew faint, because the sheep were less anxious, or because they were further away, or because my hearing was worse than a moment before, which would surprise me, for my hearing is still very good, scarcely blunted coming up to dawn, and if I sometimes hear nothing for hours on end it is for reasons of which I know nothing, or because about me all goes really silent, from time to time, whereas for the righteous the tumult of the world never stops.
the fat man in the brown rags slouching
 But I was thinking maybe with a cortisone injection you never know
That then is how that second day began, unless it was the third, or the fourth, and it was a bad beginning, because it left me with persisting doubts, as to the destination of those sheep, among which there were lambs, and often wondering if they had safely reached some commonage or fallen, their skulls shattered, their thin legs crumpling, first to their knees, then over on their fleecy sides, under the pole-axe, though that is not the way they slaughter sheep, but with a knife, so that they bleed to death.
up to his snowspeeder
 Id fractured my big toe as well which was on the brake
But there is much to be said too for these little doubts.
and down he went,
 Within three days he was arriving back in Ireland by air ambulance
Good God, what a land of breeders, you see quadrupeds everywhere.
spare the shame of my life.
 They were really putting a lot of pressure on me to agree to the surgery
And it’s not over yet, there are still horses and goats, to mention only them, I feel them watching out for me, to get in my path.
Serena III
 The people at the Mater have been absolutely fantastic
I have no need of that.
fix this pothook of beauty on this palette
 Johnston uses an advanced type of acupuncture and its very effective
But I did not lose sight of my immediate goal, which was to get to my mother as quickly as possible, and standing in the ditch I summoned to my aid the good reasons I had for going there, without a moment’s delay.
you never know it might be final
 Needles get put right close up to my spine
And though there were many things I could do without thinking, not knowing what I was going to do until it was done, and not even then, going to my mother was not one of them.
or leave her she is paradise and then
 Its all about trying to get mobility in my back
My feet, you see, never took me to my mother unless they received a definite order to do so.
plush hymens on your eyeballs
 Lying down for three and a half months didnt really help with the strength
The glorious, the truly glorious weather would have gladdened any other heart than mine.
or on Butt Bridge blush for shame
 Theres a lot of work involved in my recovery
But I have no reason to be gladdened by the sun and I take good care not to be.
the mixed declension of those mammae
 Im doing about six hours a day between physio and pool work
The Aegean, thirsting for heat and light, him I killed, he killed himself, early on, in me.
cock up thy moon thine and thine only
 Im fairly full on with everything I do
The pale gloom of rainy days was better fitted to my taste, no, that’s not it, to my humour, no, that’s not it either, I had neither taste nor humour, I lost them early on.
up up up up to the star of evening
 Id hope to be training regularly by March
Perhaps what I mean is that the pale gloom, etc., hid me better, without its being on that account particularly pleasing to me.
swoon upon the arch-gasometer
 But training is just part of the process of getting back
Chameleon in spite of himself, there you have Molloy, viewed from a certain angle.
on Misery Hill brand-new carnation
 Its a case of waiting and seeing how it reacts
And in winter, under my greatcoat, I wrapped myself in swathes of newspaper, and did not shed them until the earth awoke, for good, in April.
swoon upon the little purple
 Hopefully after four or five months my back wont tighten up as much
The Times Literary Supplement was admirably adapted to this purpose, of a never-failing toughness and impermeability.
house of prayer
LewisFrancis turns to Christie
Even farts made no impression on it.
something heart of Mary
 The sprinter has also shed weight since winning relay gold at the Athens Games
I can’t help it, gas escapes from my fundament on the least pretext, it’s hard not to mention it now and then, however great my distaste.
the Bull and Pool Beg that will never meet
 Last year I was kg now I am 
One day I counted them.
not in this world
kg  hopefully my times will come down he said
Three hundred and fifteen farts in nineteen hours, or an average of over sixteen farts an hour.
whereas dart away through the cavorting scapes
 It is just discipline and being more focused about what I am doing
After all it’s not excessive.
bucket o’er Victoria Bridge that’s the idea
 I just have to be patient and build up for the next Olympics
Four farts every fifteen minutes.
slow down slink down the Ringsend Road
Man Utd stroll to Cup win
It’s nothing.
Irishtown Sandymount puzzle find the Hell Fire
 Evertons problems worsened when James McFadden limped off with an injury
Not even one fart every four minutes.
the Merrion Flats scored with a thrillion sigmas
 The boy Ronaldo is a fantastic player
It’s unbelievable.
Jesus Christ Son of God Saviour His Finger
 Hes persistent and never gives in
Damn it, I hardly fart at all, I should never have mentioned it.
girls taken strippin that’s the idea
 Subs Wright Pistone Weir Plessis Vaughan
Extraordinary how mathematics help you to know yourself.
on the Bootersgrad breakwind and water
 Subs Howard Giggs Smith Miller Spector
In any case this whole question of climate left me cold, I could stomach any mess.
the tide making the dun gulls in a panic
 Referee R Styles Hampshire
So I will only add that the mornings were often sunny, in that part of the world, until ten o’clock or coming up to eleven, and that then the sky darkened and the rain fell, fell till evening.
the sands quicken in your hot heart
Van Nistelrooy set to return
Then the sun came out and went down, the drenched earth sparkled an instant, then went out, bereft of light.
hide yourself not in the Rock keep on the move
 But Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson hinted he may be back early
There I am then back in the saddle, in my numbed heart a prick of misgiving, like one dying of cancer obliged to consult his dentist.
keep on the move
Moyes Uturn on Beattie dismissal
For I did not know if it was the right road.
Malacoda
 But he has had a rethink after looking over the video evidence again
All roads were right for me, a wrong road was an event, for me.
thrice he came
 He will now be subjected to the normal club discipline
But when I was on my way to my mother only one road was right, the one that led to her, or one of those that led to her, for all did not lead to her.
the undertaker’s man
Not in a million years would John Terry have gone down in the same way
I did not know if I was on one of those right roads and that disturbed me, like all recall to life.
impassible behind his scutal bowler
 I can tell you it wasnt an intentional headbutt
Judge then of my relief when I saw, ahead of me, the familiar ramparts loom.
to measure
 Our heads barely touched and it wasnt an intentional headbutt
I passed beyond them, into a district I did not know.
is he not paid to measure
Ronaldo considering new contract
And yet I knew the town well, for I was born there and had never succeeded in putting between it and me more than ten or fifteen miles, such was its grasp on me, I don’t know why.
this incorruptible in the vestibule
 My agent has spoken with the club and it will be resolved soon
So that I came near to wondering if I was in the right town, where I first saw the murk of day and which still harboured my mother, somewhere or other, or if I had not stumbled, as a result of a wrong turn, on a town whose very name I did not know.
this malebranca knee-deep in the lilies
 I think well reach a good agreement for both sides
For my native town was the only one I knew, having never set foot in any other.
Malacoda knee-deep in the lilies
 Ronaldo refused to commit his longterm future to the club
But I had read with care, while I still could read, accounts of travellers more fortunate than myself, telling of other towns as beautiful as mine, and even more beautiful, though with a different beauty.
Malacoda for all the expert awe
Nobody knows what will come tomorrow
And now it was a name I sought, in my memory, the name of the only town it had been given me to know, with the intention, as soon as I had found it, of stopping, and saying to a passer-by, doffing my hat, I beg your pardon, Sir, this is X, is it not?, X being the name of my town.
that felts his perineum mutes his signal
 I like being here but who knows he added
And this name that I sought, I felt sure that it began with a B or with a P, but in spite of this clue, or perhaps because of its falsity, the other letters continued to escape me.
sighing up through the heavy air
 There arent many bigger and better clubs than this one
I had been living so far from words so long, you understand, that it was enough for me to see my town, since we’re talking of my town, to be unable, you understand.
must it be it must be it must be
 Its my ambition to be at a big club
It’s too difficult to say, for me.
find the weeds engage them in the garden
 Im happy but nobody knows the future
And even my sense of identity was wrapped in a namelessness often hard to penetrate, as we have just seen I think.
hear she may see she need not
Smith keen on Home series return
And so on for all the other things which made merry with my senses.
to coffin
 That game is one Smith would be delighted to see reinstated
Yes, even then, when already all was fading, waves and particles, there could be no things but nameless things, no names but thingless names.
with assistant ungulata
 You have to put a performance on in friendly games
I say that now, but after all what do I know now about then, now when the icy words hail down upon me, the icy meanings, and the world dies too, foully named.
find the weeds engage their attention
 If you dont they can be demotivating
All I know is what the words know, and the dead things, and that makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning, a middle and an end as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
hear she must see she need not
Mido makes third apology
And truly it little matters what I say, this or that or any other thing.
to cover
 Mido added Its not my right to give orders and say when I want to play 
Saying is inventing.
to be sure cover cover cover all over
Man City  Man Utd
Wrong, very rightly wrong.
your targe allow me hold your sulphur
 Rooney was being well marshalled by Dunne  but that was all about to change
You invent nothing, you think you are inventing, you think you are escaping, and all you do is stammer out your lesson, the remnants of a pensum one day got by heart and long forgotten, life without tears, as it is wept.
divine dogday glass set fair
 Worse was to come for Dunne who had been having a fine match
To hell with it anyway.
stay Scarmilion stay stay
 And United keeper Roy Carroll saved well from Kiki Musampa
Where was I.
lay this Huysum on the box
 At times especially in the first half we didnt play with enough speed
Unable to remember the name of my town I resolved to stop by the kerb, to wait for a passer-by with a friendly and intelligent air and then to whip off my hat and say, with my smile, I beg your pardon, Sir, excuse me, Sir, what is the name of this town, if you please?
mind the imago it is he
 But with Cristiano Ronaldo and Ryan Giggs on the speed improved
For the word once let fall I would know if it was the right word, the one I was seeking, in my memory, or another, and so where I stood.
hear she must see she must
 Subs Not Used Weaver Onuoha Flood
This resolution, actually formed as I rode along, was never to be carried out, an absurd mishap prevented it.
all aboard all souls
 Booked Fowler Sibierski
Yes, my resolutions were remarkable in this, that they were no sooner formed than something always happened to prevent their execution.
half-mast aye aye
 Subs Not Used Howard Bellion
That must be why I am even less resolute now than then, just as then I was even less so than I once had been.
nay
 Booked Rooney Scholes Keane
But to tell the truth (to tell the truth!)
Da Tagte Es
 Goals Rooney  Dunne  og
I have never been particularly resolute, I mean given to resolutions, but rather inclined to plunge headlong into the shit, without knowing who was shitting against whom or on which side I had the better chance of skulking with success.
redeem the surrogate goodbyes
 Att  Ref S Bennett Kent
But from this leaning too I derived scant satisfaction and if I have never quite got rid of it it is not for want of trying.
the sheet astream in your hand
Gerrard plays down European hopes
The fact is, it seems, that the most you can hope is to be a little less, in the end, the creature you were in the beginning, and the middle.
who have no more for the land
 Its big couple of months for Liverpool he added
For I had hardly perfected my plan, in my head, when my bicycle ran over a dog, as subsequently appeared, and fell to the ground, an ineptness all the more unpardonable as the dog, duly leashed, was not out on the road, but in on the pavement, docile at its mistress’s heels.
and the glass unmisted above your eye
Duff ruled out of Barcelona clash
Precautions are like resolutions, to be taken with precaution.
Echo’
 His injury is very painful so he is out
The lady must have thought she had left nothing to chance, so far as the safety of her dog was concerned, whereas in reality she was setting the whole system of nature at naught, no less surely than I myself with my insane demands for more light.
In this will I be crucified
 Drogba trained on Monday with no problems and will do the same on Tuesday
But instead of grovelling in my turn, invoking my great age and infirmities, I made things worse by trying to run away.
and the world judged
 Gallas feels he can play and wants to play
I was soon overtaken, by a bloodthirsty mob of both sexes and all ages, for I caught a glimpse of white beards and little, almost angel faces, and they were preparing to tear me to pieces when the lady intervened.
by its shadows
 We are protecting him still but he will be okay to play
She said in effect, she told me so later on and I believed her, Leave this poor old man alone.
so that there is nothing left undone
Chelsea clinch cup in extratime
He has killed Teddy, I grant you that, Teddy whom I loved like my own child, but it is not so serious as it seems, for as it happens I was taking him to the veterinary surgeon, to have him put out of his misery.
and just as good a morning glass of iced tea
after extratime  score at  mins 
For Teddy was old, blind, deaf, crippled with rheumatism and perpetually incontinent, night and day, indoors and out of doors.
and a hot pint of nepenthe or moly or half and half
 The Blues began the second half with more urgency and pegged Liverpool back
Thanks then to this poor old man I have been spared a painful task, not to mention the expense which I am ill able to afford, having no other means of support than the pension of my dear departed, fallen in defence of a country that called itself his and from which in his lifetime he never derived the smallest benefit, but only insults and vexations.
and half and half
Subs Not Used Pellegrino Carson
The crowd was beginning to disperse, the danger was past, but the lady was in her stride.
as in Ken Wood
Hyypia Traore Hamann Carragher
You may say, she said, that he did wrong to run away, that he should have explained, asked to be forgiven.
who shall find
Riise  Nunez 
Granted.
and love in the end
Subs Not Used Pidgeley Tiago
But it is clear he has not all his wits about him, that he is beside himself, for reasons of which we know nothing and which might put us all to shame, if we did know them.
a chicken or two or three
Lampard Kezman Drogba Duff
I even wonder if he knows what he has done.
and half asleep half dead
Gerrard  og Drogba  Kezman 
There emanated such tedium from this droning voice that I was making ready to move on when the unavoidable police constable rose up before me.
whey of tresses
S Bennett Kent
He brought down heavily on my handlebars his big red hairy paw, I noticed it myself, and had it appears with the lady the following conversation.
what a misery filled land land of eggs and thong hair
Newcastle  Bolton
Is this the man who ran over your dog, Madam?
and the bejola of the gums and phlegmas
Kieron Dyer smashed home the winner to end Boltons game unbeaten run
He is, sergeant, and what of it?
and of old Mauks
 And it was almost out of nothing that the Magpies took the lead on  minutes
No, I can’t record this fatuous colloquy.
whose misery is not seen
 Bolton had produced little going forward at this point but they responded well
So I will merely observe that finally in his turn the constable too dispersed, the word is not too strong, grumbling and growling, followed by the last idlers who had given up all hope of my coming to a bad end.
until the gantelope of sense and nonsense run
They were level within six minutes thanks to a smart finish from Giannakopoulos
But he turned back and said, Remove that dog.
tir eddying through
 Their strategy seemed to be working until the th minute
Free at last to go I began to do so.
out with the gantelope of sense and nonsense
 We allowed them to heap too much pressure on us and in the end we cracked
But the lady, a Mrs Loy, I might as well say it now and be done with it, or Lousse, I forget, Christian name something like Sophie, held me back, by the tail of my coat, and said, assuming the words were the same when I heard them as when first spoken, Sir, I need you.
and the goblet of dyed linen
  Newcastle boss Graeme Souness We deserved the win
And seeing I suppose from my expression, which frequently betrays me, that she had made herself understood, she must have said, If he understands that he can understand anything.
warm Grave too say the word
 We had a really good second half
And she was not mistaken, for after some time I found myself in possession of certain ideas or points of view which could only have come to me from her, namely that having killed her dog I was morally obliged to help her carry it home and bury it, that she did not wish to prosecute me for what I had done, but that it was not always possible to do as one did not wish, that she found me likeable enough in spite of my hideous appearance and would be happy to hold out to me a helping hand, and so on, I’ve forgotten the half of it.
warm Water too like to swallow
 Bolton are a difficult side to play
Ah yes, I too needed her, it seemed.
and the eight fingers of the star
 The scoreline flattered them and we could have had one or two more goals
She needed me to help her get rid of her dog, and I needed her, I’ve forgotten for what.
swoon for the eight hours
 Subs Not Used Butt Harper Milner Hughes
She must have told me, for that was an insinuation I could not decently pass over in silence as I had the rest, and I made no bones about telling her I needed neither her nor anyone else, which was perhaps a slight exaggeration, for I must have needed my mother, otherwise why this frenzy of wanting to get to her?
before dawn
 Goals Bowyer  Dyer 
That is one of the many reasons why I avoid speaking as much as possible.
oh the stiff morning sun
 Subs Not Used Jaidi Poole
For I always say either too much or too little, which is a terrible thing for a man with a passion for truth like mine.
flush up his lute
 Booked Ben Haim Hierro
And I shall not abandon this subject, to which I shall probably never have occasion to return, with such a storm blowing up, without making this curious observation, that it often happened to me, before I gave up speaking for good, to think I had said too little when in fact I had said too much and in fact to have said too little when I thought I had said too much.
quick quick the master cylinders the shame of it
 Goals Giannakopoulos 
I mean that on reflection, in the long run rather, my verbal profusion turned out to be penury, and inversely.
quick quick the jowl of it
 Att  Ref S Dunn Gloucestershire
So time sometimes turns the tables.
quick the spew of it
Middlesbrough  Charlton
In other words, or perhaps another thing, whatever I said it was never enough and always too much.
quick the proud bravo of it
I felt we did enough to win the game even though the first half was lacklustre
Yes, I was never silent, whatever I said I was never silent.
quick the proud father of it
 We were winning but Middlesbrough kept knocking on the door
Divine analysis that conduces thus to knowledge of yourself, and of your fellow-men, if you happen to have any.
make no mistake he he he he
 But we stood up and credit to us we didnt capitulate
For to say I needed no one was not to say too much, but an infinitesimal part of what I should have said, could not have said, should never have said.
this he he
 Well kick on now
Need of my mother!
this he
Subs Not Used Cooper Knight
No, there were no words for the want of need in which I was perishing.
this he
Riggott  Graham 
So that she, I mean Sophie, must have told me the reasons why I needed her, since I had dared to disagree.
withdraw
Subs Not Used Fish Jeffers Andersen
And perhaps if I took the trouble I might find them again, but trouble, many thanks, some other time.
and the marks of the foreskin
Konchesky Hreidarsson Perry
And now enough of this boulevard, it must have been a boulevard, of all these righteous ones, these guardians of the peace, all these feet and hands, stamping, clutching, clenched in vain, these bawling mouths that never bawl out of season, this sky beginning to drip, enough of being abroad, trapped, visible.
and all strata under his rule
Holland  Bartlett 
Someone was poking the dog, with a malacca.
break without fear or favour
M Riley W Yorkshire
The dog was uniformly yellow, a mongrel I suppose, or a pedigree, I can never tell the difference.
the tresses of the evening
Dundee Utd  Aberdeen
His death must have hurt him less than my fall me.
gliding along between two happy incompatible lamps
 Moments later though the home side took the lead
And he at least was dead.
suddenly one after the other
 But only three minutes later Aberdeen clawed their way back into the match
We slung him across the saddle and set off like an army in retreat, helping each other I suppose, to keep the corpse from falling, to keep the bicycle moving, to keep ourselves moving, through the jeering crowd.
gliding along between two lamps
 United ended the game as a contest just two minutes after the interval
The house where Sophie—no, I can’t call her that any more, I’ll try calling her Lousse, without the Mrs—the house where Lousse lived was not far away.
eterned a hag, panting
Colgan Dodds Kenneth
Oh it was not nearby either, I had my bellyful by the time I got there.
by the fever of desire
Brebner
That is to say I didn’t have it really.
and want
Archibald  Grady  Crawford  Grady 
You think you have your bellyful but you seldom have it really.
to know why.
Blanchard McGuire
It was because I knew I was there that I had my bellyful, a mile more to go and I would only have had my bellyful an hour later.
Whose Funda don’t We buy, sell, buy
 Anderson Diamond
Human nature.
mentor’d these dead eyes see
Byrne 
Marvellous thing.
this:
K Clark
The house where Lousse lived.
a woman
Clyde  Celtic
Must I describe it?
disease of mosaics
Morrison Wilson
I don’t think so.
muzzling the dark depths of the
Mensing Sheridan
I won’t, that’s all I know, for the moment.
hampers of love.
Marshall Laursen
Perhaps later on, if I get to know it.
She is bare
Thompson Bellamy
And Lousse?
in the common room
 Varga  Thompson  pen Petrov  Varga  Bellamy 
Must I describe her?
with her little ones
C Thomson
I suppose so.
all eyes closed
Hearts  Livingston
Let’s first bury the dog.
in the dark old black box
 Craig Easton headed in a controversial goal after an hour but Hearts held on
It was she dug the hole, under a tree.
its horrors against the bright
 With just  minutes on the clock the home side doubled their lead
You always bury your dog under a tree, I don’t know why.
weekend of areca
 But in the opening stages of the second period little changed
But I have my suspicions.
and the eyes of the governed
 Livi went all out for the equaliser
It was she dug the hole because I couldn’t, though I was the gentleman, because of my leg.
not so much
Moilanen Kizys
That is to say I could have dug with a trowel, but not with a spade.
as in this world
Berra Webster
For when you dig a grave one leg supports the weight of the body while the other, flexing and unflexing, drives the spade into the earth.
whence like the great mixed-martini
Miller  McAllister 
Now my sick leg, I forget which, it’s immaterial here, was in a condition neither to dig, because it was rigid, nor alone to support me, because it would have collapsed.
and the sudden want
McKenzie Hand
I had so to speak only one leg at my disposal, I was virtually one-legged, and I would have been happier, livelier, amputated at the groin.
of known births in this world
 Vincze Horvath
And if they had removed a few testicles into the bargain I wouldn’t have objected.
and of free will against dissolution
Easton 
For from such testicles as mine, dangling at mid-thigh at the end of a meagre cord, there was nothing more to be squeezed, not a drop.
in its many vases
A Freeland
So that non che la speme il desiderio, and I longed to see them gone, from the old stand where they bore false witness, for and against, in the lifelong charge against me.
the spirit aching bullock’s scrotum
Kenyon denies Robben Barca return
For if they accused me of having made a balls of it, of me, of them, they thanked me for it too, from the depths of their rotten bag, the right lower than the left, or inversely, I forget, decaying circus clowns.
it is the summer of his life
 Theres no plans at the moment around the Barcelona game
And, worse still, they got in my way when I tried to walk, when I tried to sit down, as if my sick leg was not enough, and when I rode my bicycle they bounced up and down.
he and I together under the sun
 I put everything right with Arjens foot the last time I saw him  days ago
So the best thing for me would have been for them to go, and I would have seen to it myself, with a knife or secateurs, but for my terror of physical pain and festered wounds, so that I shook.
spoke three times in a day’s running water
 It was an obvious correction and easy to perform
Yes, all my life I have gone in terror of festered wounds, I who never festered, I was so acid.
he and I together under the watchful sky
 I know he was pleased with what I did and now that he is running again
My life, my life, now I speak of it as of something over, now as of a joke which still goes on, and it is neither, for at the same time it is over and it goes on, and is there any tense for that?
that the billows of the nubile the earth
 I am due to see him one more time again in the next few days
Watch wound and buried by the watchmaker, before he died, whose ruined works will one day speak of God, to the worms.
…
 Meersseman is the medical coordinator at Italian side AC Milan
But those cullions, I must be attached to them after all, cherish them as others do their scars, or the family album.
nay
Bridge could miss rest of season
In any case it wasn’t their fault I couldn’t dig, but my leg’s.
Da Tagte Es
 William Gallas and Damien Duff could also miss the Barcelona game
It was Lousse dug the hole while I held the dog in my arms.
redeem the surrogate goodbyes
 The medical department will try to do everything to recover Gallas and Duff
He was heavy already and cold, but he had not yet begun to stink.
the sheet a pale bed of stillness
 Shearer said he was unsure what caused Bridges injury
He smelt bad, if you like, but bad like an old dog, not like a dead dog.
demanding attention
 I dont know what happened
He too had dug holes, perhaps at this very spot.
it is the summer of his life
 he said
We buried him as he was, no box or wrapping of any kind, like a Carthusian monk, but with his collar and lead.
he and I together under the sun
 It was just a shame
It was she put him in the hole, though I was the gentleman.
spoke three times in a day’s running water
 I dont think we even touched each other
For I cannot stoop, neither can I kneel, because of my infirmity, and if ever I stoop, forgetting who I am, or kneel, make no mistake, it will not be me, but another.
he and I together under the sun
 By all accounts its pretty serious
To throw him in the hole was all I could have done, and I would have done it gladly.
that the sheet a pale bed of stillness
 I went into the dressingroom after the game and wished him all the best
And yet I did not do it.
demanding attention
Parry firm over Gerrard
All the things you would do gladly, oh without enthusiasm, but gladly, all the things there seems no reason for your not doing, and that you do not do!
it is the summer of his life
 He told BBC Five Live Steven is above money
Can it be we are not free?
he and I together under the sun
 He is the future of Liverpool
It might be worth looking into.
that the sheet a pale bed of stillness
 It doesnt matter if its m m or m we will not accept offers
But what was my contribution to this burial?
demanding attention
 But we are also realistic enough to know we cant keep Steven against his will
It was she dug the hole, put in the dog, filled up the hole.
it is the summer of his life
 Steven knows my views
On the whole I was a mere spectator, I contributed my presence.
and his life only
 He knows Rafas views
As if it had been my own burial.
if he did not spread the news
 We crave success as much as he does
And it was.
then at the most urgent
 We know hes ambitious and nobody can argue with that
It was a larch.
could not only spread the news
 We all want to see progress by next season
It is the only tree I can identify, with certainty.
but he would not only rejoice
 Hes not alone in that
Funny she should have chosen, to bury her dog beneath, the only tree I can identify, with certainty.
but he would not only weep
 It is suggested we had a deal tied up last summer
The sea-green needles are like silk and speckled, it always seemed to me, with little red, how shall I say, with little red specks.
but he would not only pity
 We didnt had an offer last summer Parry explained
The dog had ticks in his ears, I have an eye for such things, they were buried with him.
but he would not only pity himself
 In reality it didnt go beyond that
When she had finished her grave she handed me the spade and began to muse, or brood.
but he would not only pity himself
 Maybe there will be an offer in the summer
I thought she was going to cry, it was the thing to do, but on the contrary she laughed.
but he would not only pity himself
 Maybe there wont
It was perhaps her way of crying.
but he would not only pity himself
 You are not going to keep a player like Steven against his will
Or perhaps I was mistaken and she was really crying, with the noise of laughter.
but he would not only pity himself
 You can forget that
Tears and laughter, they are so much Gaelic to me.
but he would not only pity himself
 If it was the right partner how strong an issue is it Time will tell
She would see him no more, her Teddy she had loved like an only child.
but he would not only pity his pete
 Theres no need and that is not the way we do business
I wonder why, since she had obviously made up her mind to bury the dog at home, she had not asked the vet to call and destroy the brute on the premises.
if he did not love himself he would not only pity
 We had discussions with Steve over the course of 
Was she really on her way to the vet at the moment her path crossed mine?
his pete
 I think we came close to concluding a deal in the summer but it didnt happen
Or had she said so solely in order to attenuate my guilt?
busy is blissful all the time in the world's number one
 We are still evaluating it
Private calls are naturally more expensive.
and number six
 Steves interest was taken very much on its own merits
She ushered me into the drawing-room and gave me food and drink, good things without a doubt.
whence like the great uncles
 We had a perfectly sensible dialogue with Steve last year
Unfortunately I didn’t much care for good things to eat.
of scarlet and jade
 We have a common interest in making Liverpool successful
But I quite liked getting drunk.
and the jade jowl
 Thats a dream we all share so as far as Im concerned the door is not closed
If she lived in embarrassed circumstances there was no sign of it.
whence like the little black and white
I would take m if we had no investment but if we did keep him
That kind of embarrassment I feel at once.
and the jade jowl
 As for the stadium if it gets us cash what difference does it make really
Seeing how painful the sitting posture was for me she fetched a chair for my stiff leg.
is it not better abort than be barren
 We cannot let that sum of money go despite Gerrards quality
Without ceasing to ply me with delicacies she kept up a chatter of which I did not understand the hundredth part.
the hours of need and want run amok
Critical time for Liverpool with regards to Gerrard
With her own hand she took off my hat, and carried it away, to hang it up somewhere, on a hat-rack I suppose, and seemed surprised when the lace pulled her up in her stride.
the hours of need and want run amok
 Ideally we would want to secure his future to the club for the long term
She had a parrot, very pretty, all the most approved colours.
amok
 I would however be happy with Gerrards transfer for any fee over m
I understood him better than his mistress.
Oh away with thepins and all that
 Upping the ante is another smart move by Parry
I don’t mean I understood him better than she understood him, I mean I understood him better than I understood her.
in the dark old black
I would keep Gerrard
He exclaimed from time to time, Fuck the son of a bitch, fuck the son of a bitch.
between the shingle and the sulphur
The key is if Gerrard comes out and says that he is happy
He must have belonged to an American sailor, before he belonged to Lousse.
and the gems
 Clearly if he isnt then we would be foolish not to sell
Pets often change masters.
that do not exist.
WrightPhillips to start on right
He didn’t say much else.
somewhere out there
 Shaun WrightPhillips will probably start the game said Eriksson
No, I’m wrong, he also said, Putain de merde!
in the grey spew of a motor
 But Im not going to start WrightPhillips on the left
He must have belonged to a French sailor before he belonged to the American sailor.
and no-one is looking
 Its a blow that four or five central defenders are away because of injuries
Putain de merde!
in the other direction.
 Thats positive
Unless he had hit on it alone, it wouldn’t surprise me.
something black is clawing blindly
 He deserves his chance
Lousse tried to make him say, Pretty Polly!
under the bark of the keep
 He has been playing well all season and I look forward to seeing him
I think it was too late.
the keep of the green-black
 Downing is another one making a great season
He listened, his head on one side, pondered, then said, Fuck the son of a bitch.
something black is clawing blindly
Robben sidelined with broken foot
It was clear he was doing his best.
under the bark of the keep
 I hope that it will now take me six to eight weeks
Him too one day she would bury.
the keep of the green-black
 I felt my leg go he said
In his cage probably.
breaking without fear or favour the quick jerks
 I felt it straight away after Mokoena hit me with a wild kick on my left foot
Me too, if I had stayed, she would have buried.
the quick jerks of January fools!
Giggs handed Wales leading role
If I had her address I’d write to her, to come and bury me.
who, afraid,
 However Toshack refused to reveal whether he sees Giggs as a longterm option
I fell asleep.
(in a pitiful land
 Its important to be here all the players feel the same
I woke up in a bed, in my skin.
where neither wind nor fire
 Its a new start and all the top players certainly see it as important
They had carried their impertinence to the point of washing me, to judge by the smell I gave off, no longer gave off.
requiring
 A lot can happen but Im hoping to be around
I went to the door.
nor wanting
 It is an important period for the club and I am just concentrated on that
Locked.
anything.
Bosvelt optimistic over new deal
To the window.
there was a second day
 I told the club I would like to stay for one more year
Barred.
and the day before
 The main concern is my age but I think I have proved I am fit enough
It was not yet quite dark.
beyond the green of a keep and the black
 But his professionalism and dedication impressed manager Kevin Keegan
What is there left to try when you have tried the door and the window?
cloud below the bright bright gladness of
 He is an unsung hero said Keegan
The chimney perhaps.
a cloud of ashes and dune
Sociedad set to rescue Mladenovic
I looked for my clothes.
that do not exist.
 Mladenovics loan move is subject to him passing a medical
I found a light switch and switched it on.
dune and the bright bright
 The yearold who joined Rangers from Red Star Belgrade for 
No result.
and the dead the ashes
 The versatile Mladenovic can also play in the back four
What a story!
the sands flowing
Parry relishes Anfield challenge
All that left me cold, or nearly.
ashen woad
 Benitezs early work has given Parry renewed optimism about the years ahead
I found my crutches, against an easy chair.
and down gently
 But it remains a massive task at a club with a unique history and expectations
It may seem strange that I was able to go through the motions I have described without their help.
on to the yellow of the violet
 Morgan will certainly not be making another call
I find it strange.
and the half-red of the zig-zags.
I would take m if we had no investment but if we did keep him
You don’t remember immediately who you are, when you wake.
veronica mundi
 As for the stadium if it gets us cash what difference does it make really
On a chair I found a white chamber-pot with a roll of toilet-paper in it.
veronica munda
 We cannot let that sum of money go despite Gerrards quality
Nothing was being left to chance.
gives us a wipe for the love of Jesus
Critical time for Liverpool with regards to Gerrard
I recount these moments with a certain minuteness, it is a relief from what I feel coming.
sweating like Judas
 Ideally we would want to secure his future to the club for the long term
I set a pouffe against the easy chair, sat down in the latter and on the former laid my stiff leg.
tired of dying
 I would however be happy with Gerrards transfer for any fee over m
The room was chock-full of pouffes and easy chairs, they thronged all about me, in the gloom.
tired of policemen
 Upping the ante is another smart move by Parry
There were also occasional tables, footstools, tallboys, etc., in abundance.
feet in marmalade
I would keep Gerrard
Strange feeling of congestion that the night dispersed, though it lit the chandelier, which I had left turned on.
perspiring profusely
The key is if Gerrard comes out and says that he is happy
My beard was missing, when I felt for it with anguished hand.
heart in marmalade
 Clearly if he isnt then we would be foolish not to sell
They had shaved me, they had shorn me of my scant beard.
smoke more fruit
Time to get tough on friendlies
How had my sleep withstood such liberties?
the old heart the old heart the old
The only problem is that the game itself can often be a farce
My sleep as a rule so uneasy.
breaking outside congress
 The debate will rage on and Im not sure there is a satisfactory solution
To this question I found a number of replies.
doch I assure thee
 One manager who has got it right this week is Walter Smith
But I did not know which of them was right.
lying on O’Connell Bridge
 It is the sort of move you would expect from Walter who is a canny manager
Perhaps they were all wrong.
goggling at the tulips of the evening
 Its extremely difficult to get the balance for friendlies
My beard grows properly only on my chin and dewlap.
the green tulips
 Englands game against Holland is a good example
Where the pretty bristles grow on other faces, on mine there are none.
shining round the corner like an anthrax
Barcelona title hopes hit by loss
But such as it was they had docked my beard.
shining on Guinness’s barges
Fernando Torres gave Athletico an ideal start with a goal in the first minute
Perhaps they had dyed it too, I had no proof they had not.
the overtone the face
 Zinedine Zidane had opened the scoring before Raul bagged a brace
I thought I was naked, in the easy chair, but I finally realized I was wearing a nightdress, very flimsy.
too late to brighten the sky
Parry puts Gerrard above money
If they had come and told me I was to be sacrificed at sunrise I would not have been taken aback.
doch must stoop down
 He told BBC Five Live Steven is above money
How foolish one can be.
and glory in the sky
 He is the future of Liverpool
It seemed to me too that I had been perfumed, lavender perhaps.
doch doch I assure thee
 It doesnt matter if its m m or m we will not accept offers
I said, If only your poor mother could see you now.
Alba
 But we are also realistic enough to know we cant keep Steven against his will
I am no enemy of the commonplace.
before morning you shall be here
 Steven knows my views
She seemed far away, my mother, far away from me, and yet I was a little closer to her than the night before, if my reckoning was accurate.
and Dante and the Logos and all strata and mysteries
 He knows Rafas views
But was it?
and the branded moon
 We crave success as much as he does
If I was in the right town, I had made progress.
beyond the white plane of music
 We know hes ambitious and nobody can argue with that
But was I?
that you shall establish here before morning
 We all want to see progress by next season
If on the other hand I was in the wrong town, from which my mother would necessarily be absent, then I had lost ground.
grave suave singing silk
 Hes not alone in that
I must have fallen asleep, for all of a sudden there was the moon, a huge moon framed in the window.
stoop to the black firmament of areca
 It is suggested we had a deal tied up last summer
Two bars divided it in three segments, of which the middle remained constant, while little by little the right gained what the left lost.
rain on the bamboos flower of smoke alley of willows
 We didnt had an offer last summer Parry explained
For the moon was moving from left to right, or the room was moving from right to left, or both together perhaps, or both were moving from left to right, but the room not so fast as the moon, or from right to left, but the moon not so fast as the room.
who though you stoop
 In reality it didnt go beyond that
But can one speak of right and left in such circumstances?
to the black firmament of areca
 Maybe there will be an offer in the summer
That movements of an extreme complexity were taking place seemed certain, and yet what a simple thing it seemed, that vast yellow light sailing slowly behind my bars and which little by little the dense wall devoured, and finally eclipsed.
rain on the bamboos flower of smoke
 Maybe there wont
And now its tranquil course was written on the walls, a radiance scored with shadow, then a brief quivering of leaves, if they were leaves, then that too went out, leaving me in the dark.
anger in the hot lantern of willows
 You are not going to keep a player like Steven against his will
How difficult it is to speak of the moon and not lose one’s head, the witless moon.
who though you stoop
 You can forget that
It must be her arse she shows us always.
to the black firmament of willows
 If it was the right partner how strong an issue is it Time will tell
Yes, I once took an interest in astronomy, I don’t deny it.
who though you stoop
 Theres no need and that is not the way we do business
Then it was geology that killed a few years for me.
to the black firmament of willows
 We had discussions with Steve over the course of 
The next pain in the balls was anthropology and the other disciplines, such as psychiatry, that are connected with it, disconnected, then connected again, according to the latest discoveries.
who though you stoop
 I think we came close to concluding a deal in the summer but it didnt happen
What I liked in anthropology was its inexhaustible faculty of negation, its relentless definition of man, as though he were no better than God, in terms of what he is not.
to the black firmament of willows
 We are still evaluating it
But my ideas on this subject were always horribly confused, for my knowledge of men was scant and the meaning of being beyond me.
who though you stoop
 Steves interest was taken very much on its own merits
Oh I’ve tried everything.
to the black firmament of willows
 We had a perfectly sensible dialogue with Steve last year
In the end it was magic that had the honour of my ruins, and still today, when I walk there, I find its vestiges.
who though you stoop
 We have a common interest in making Liverpool successful
But mostly they are a place with neither plan nor bounds and of which I understand nothing, not even of what it is made, still less into what.
to the black firmament of willows
 Thats a dream we all share so as far as Im concerned the door is not closed
And the thing in ruins, I don’t know what it is, what it was, nor whether it is not less a question of ruins than the indestructible chaos of timeless things, if that is the right expression.
who though you stoop
I would take m if we had no investment but if we did keep him
It is in any case a place devoid of mystery, deserted by magic, because devoid of mystery.
to the black firmament of willows
 As for the stadium if it gets us cash what difference does it make really
And if I do not go there gladly, I go perhaps more gladly there than anywhere else, astonished and at peace, I nearly said as in a dream, but no, no.
who though you stoop
 We cannot let that sum of money go despite Gerrards quality
But it is not the kind of place where you go, but where you find yourself, sometimes, not knowing how, and which you cannot leave at will, and where you find yourself without any pleasure, but with more perhaps than in those places you can escape from, by making an effort, places full of mystery, full of the familiar mysteries.
to the black firmament of willows
Critical time for Liverpool with regards to Gerrard
I listen and the voice is of a world collapsing endlessly, a frozen world, under a faint untroubled sky, enough to see by, yes, and frozen too.
pretending and pretending
 Ideally we would want to secure his future to the club for the long term
And I hear it murmur that all wilts and yields, as if loaded down, but here there are no loads, and the ground too, unfit for loads, and the light too, down towards an end it seems can never come.
to be anything
 I would however be happy with Gerrards transfer for any fee over m
For what possible end to these wastes where true light never was, nor any upright thing, nor any true foundation, but only these leaning things, forever lapsing and crumbling away, beneath a sky without memory of morning or hope of night.
but what you really are
 Upping the ante is another smart move by Parry
These things, what things, come from where, made of what?
pretending and pretending
I would keep Gerrard
And it says that here nothing stirs, has never stirred, will never stir, except myself, who do not stir either, when I am there, but see and am seen.
to suck the life out of the don’t suck the life out of there
The key is if Gerrard comes out and says that he is happy
Yes, a world at an end, in spite of appearances, its end brought it forth, ending it began, is it clear enough?
pretending and pretending
 Clearly if he isnt then we would be foolish not to sell
And I too am at an end, when I am there, my eyes close, my sufferings cease and I end, I wither as the living cannot.
somewhere out there
Bees handed potential Man Utd tie
And if I went on listening to that far whisper, silent long since and which I still hear, I would learn still more, about this.
in the grey wave
 Newcastle will be at home to either Tottenham or Nottingham Forest
But I will listen no longer, for the time being, to that far whisper, for I do not like it, I fear it.
threatening the eye
 The ties will be played on the weekend of  March
But it is not a sound like the other sounds, that you listen to, when you choose, and can sometimes silence, by going away or stopping your ears, no, but it is a sound which begins to rustle in your head, without your knowing how, or why.
something you never see
It would be a sellout
It’s with your head you hear it, not your ears, you can’t stop it, but it stops itself, when it chooses.
and then the eye
 It will probably be on television
It makes no difference therefore whether I listen to it or not, I shall hear it always, no thunder can deliver me, until it stops.
confident that
 Were happy to be in the draw but weve still got to beat a Premiership team
But nothing compels me to speak of it, when it doesn’t suit me.
on its whole bright
welcomed the opportunity to face United
And it doesn’t suit me, at the moment.
and silent
 Were not counting on anything yet he said
No, what suits me, at the moment, is to be done with this business of the moon which was left unfinished, by me, for me.
darkness
 There are no easy ties in the FA Cup and Im sure nobody is counting on one
And if I get done with it less successfully than if I had all my wits about me, I shall none the less get done with it, as best I can, at least I think so.
distraught in the face
Newcastle v Tottenham or Nottingham Forest
That moon then, all things considered, filled me suddenly with amaze, with surprise, perhaps better.
with nothing more but the sheet
Southampton or Brentford v Manchester United
Yes, I was considering it, after my fashion, with indifference, seeing it again, in a way, in my head, when a great fright came suddenly upon me.
to break away from the wind
Bolton v Arsenal or Sheffield United
And deeming this deserved to be looked into I looked into it and quickly made the following discovery, among others, but I confine myself to the following, that this moon which had just sailed gallant and full past my window had appeared to me the night before, or the night before that, yes, more likely, all young and slender, on her back, a shaving.
[]
Burnley or Blackburn v Leicester
And then I had said, Now I see, he has waited for the new moon before launching forth on unknown ways, leading south.
and shut the eyes []
Englands defensive crisis grows
And then a little later, Perhaps I should go to mother tomorrow.
and let the water run
 Wes Brown and Jamie Carragher are likely to be the makeshift partnership
For all things hang together, by the operation of the Holy Ghost, as the saying is.
all over her jewels
Ferdinand casts doubt over Glazer
And if I failed to mention this detail in its proper place, it is because you cannot mention everything in its proper place, you must choose, between the things not worth mentioning and those even less so.
behold Meath shining like a woman forgive me
 No one knows what this guy will be bringing to the table
For if you set out to mention everything you would never be done, and that’s what counts, to be done, to have done.
forgiveness she stoos
 I would like to see the situation resolved either way
Oh I know, even when you mention only a few of the things there are, you do not get done either, I know, I know.
and shields herself from the eyes
 The other stuff off the pitch takes the shine off what is going on the pitch
But it’s a change of muck.
all heaven in the sphincter
Glazer currently owns a 
And if all muck is the same muck that doesn’t matter, it’s good to have a change of muck, to move from one heap to another a little further on, from time to time, fluttering you might say, like a butterfly, as if you were ephemeral.
the sphincter
 A further announcement will be made in due course
And if you are wrong, and you are wrong, I mean when you record circumstances better left unspoken, and leave unspoken others, rightly, if you like, but how shall I say, for no good reason, yes, rightly, but for no good reason, as for example that new moon, it is often in good faith, excellent faith.
müüüüüüüüüde now
 of the club to succeed
Had there then elapsed, between that night on the mountain, that night when I saw A and C and then made up my mind to go and see my mother, and this other night, more time than I had thought, namely fourteen full days, or nearly?
potwalloping now
Premier League planning Cole date
And if so, what had happened to those fourteen days, or nearly, and where had they flown?
this trusty all-steel this super-real
 Its not a formal situation where theyve got so much time to respond
And what possible chance was there of finding a place for them, no matter what their burden, in the so rigorous chain of events I had just undergone?
bound for father’s door
 Pires told the Evening Standard He has been at Arsenal for ever
Was it not wiser to suppose either that the moon seen two nights before, far from being new as I had thought, was on the eve of being full, or else that the moon seen from Lousse’s house, far from being full, as it had appeared to me, was in fact merely entering on its first quarter, or else finally that here I had to do with two moons, as far from the new as from the full and so alike in outline that the naked eye could hardly tell between them, and that whatever was at variance with these hypotheses was so much smoke and delusion.
something there
 I have built a fantastic playing relationship with Ashley
It was at all events with the aid of these considerations that I grew calm again and was restored, in the face of nature’s pranks, to my old ataraxy, for what it was worth.
and boy’s box
 We play together so well  we could do it with our eyes shut
And it came back also to my mind, as sleep stole over it again, that my nights were moonless and the moon foreign, to my nights, so that I had never seen, drifting past the window, carrying me back to other nights, other moons, this moon I had just seen, I had forgotten who I was (excusably) and spoken of myself as I would have of another, if I had been compelled to speak of another.
where was the thunder
 But you have to respect the decision of the player
Yes, it sometimes happens and will sometimes happen again that I forget who I am and strut before my eyes, like a stranger.
the last time
 Everybody has that right
Then I see the sky different from what it is and the earth too takes on false colours.
a fair boy was born
McCall earns Tannadice reprieve
It looks like rest, it is not, I vanish happy in that alien light, which must have once been mine, I am willing to believe it, then the anguish of return, I won’t say where, I can’t, to absence perhaps, you must return, that’s all I know, it’s misery to stay, misery to go.
a happy home
 But Sturrock has distanced himself from the position
The next day I demanded my clothes.
all heaven in
 Were in a difficult situation
The valet went to find out.
It is the autumn of his life he could not retire to
 We must get out of it through the efforts of current personnel said Thompson
He came back with the news they had been burnt.
the burning bairns of the harbour with such a heavy heart
 Hopefully now he gets the chance to stay
I continued my inspection of the room.
that he might rise and go,
 Keeper Tony Bullock echoed McIntyres sentiments
It was at first sight a perfect cube.
his scarred signaculum lengthened by the fast asleep
 I think all the boys are behind Ian McCall he added
Through the lofty window I saw boughs.
and the proud proud
 I can assure you the timescale is not the right one
They rocked gently, but not all the time, shaken now and then by sudden spasms.
of their fathers fathers who
 It Dundee United is my team
I noticed the chandelier was burning.
could not serve them.
Kewell waits as injury drags on
My clothes, I said, my crutches, forgetting my crutches were there, against the chair.
Serena I
 But Bernie Mandic said Hes had scans which dont show anything substantial
He left me alone again, leaving the door open.
fix this pothook of beauty on this palette
Smith aims to bring back respect
Through the door I saw a big window, bigger than the door which it overlapped entirely, and opaque.
you never know it might be final
 We will have to approach each game differently
The valet came back with the news my clothes had been sent to the dyers, to have the shine taken off.
or leave her she is paradise and then
 We have to meet the challenge of each match
He held my crutches, which should have seemed strange to me, but seemed natural to me, on the contrary.
plush hymens on your eyeballs
Injury doubts beset Wales squad
I took hold of one and began to strike the pieces of furniture with it, not very hard, just hard enough to overturn them, without breaking them.
or on Butt Bridge blush for shame
Weir poised for Sunderland move
They were fewer than in the night.
the mixed declension of those mammae
 He has been on trial with a number of clubs
To tell the truth I pushed them rather than struck them, I thrust at them, I lunged, and that is not pushing either, but it’s more like pushing than striking.
cock up thy moon thine and thine only
 But it would be great to see him making it at Sunderland
But recalling who I was I soon threw away my crutch and came to a standstill in the middle of the room, determined to stop asking for things, to stop pretending to be angry.
up up up to the star of evening
Newry to fight cup exit in courts
For to want my clothes, and I thought I wanted them, was no reason for pretending to be angry, when they were refused.
swoon upon the arch-gasometer
 We are being kept in the dark McCreadie told the
And alone once more I resumed my inspection of the room and was on the point of endowing it with other properties when the valet came back with the news my clothes had been sent for and I would have them soon.
on Misery Hill brand-new carnation
News Letter
Then he began to straighten the tables and chairs I had overturned and to put them back into place, dusting them as he did so with a feather duster which suddenly appeared in his hand.
swoon upon the little purple
 We want an explanation
And so I began to help him as best I could, by way of proving that I bore no grudge against anyone.
house of prayer
 There is no good sending us the same fax message the press people received
And though I could not do much, because of my stiff leg, yet I did what I could, that is to say I took each object as he straightened it and proceeded with excruciating meticulousness to restore it to its proper place, stepping back with raised arms the better to assess the result and then springing forward to effect minute improvements.
something heart of Mary
 Its a real sad case
And with the tail of my nightdress as with a duster I petulantly flicked them one by one.
the Bull and Pool Beg that will never meet
Republic to face China and Italy
But of this little game too I soon wearied and suddenly stood stock still in the middle of the room.
not in this world
 In their last meeting the Irish beat Italy in the  World Cup Finals
But seeing him ready to go I took a step forward and said, My bicycle.
whereas dart away through the cavorting scapes
Finnan says Irish can win group
And I said it again, and again, the same words, until he appeared to understand.
bucket o’er Victoria Bridge that’s the idea
 Automatic qualification is there
I don’t know to what race he belonged, he was so tiny and ageless, assuredly not to mine.
slow down slink down the Ringsend Road
Irish finish with home game
He was an oriental perhaps, a vague oriental, a child of the Rising Sun.
Irishtown Sandymount puzzle find the Hell Fire
 The Group Four fixtures were hammered out at a meeting in Dublin on Tuesday
He wore white trousers, a white shirt and a yellow waistcoat, like a chamois he was, with brass buttons and sandals.
the Merrion Flats scored with a thrillion sigmas
Republic of Ireland v Cyprus France v Israel Switzerland v Faroe Islands
It is not often that I take cognizance so clearly of the clothes that people wear and I am happy to give you the benefit of it.
Jesus Christ Son of God Saviour His Finger
Switzerland v Republic of Ireland Israel v Cyprus Faroe Islands v France
The reason for that was perhaps this, that all morning the talk had been of clothes, of mine.
girls taken strippin that’s the idea
France v Republic of Ireland Israel v Switzerland Cyprus v Faroe Islands
And perhaps I had been saying, to myself, words to this effect, Look at him, peaceful in his own clothes, and look at me, floating about inside another man’s nightdress, another woman’s probably, for it was pink and transparent and adorned with ribands and frills and lace.
on the Bootersgrad breakwind and water
Republic of Ireland v Faroe Islands Cyprus v France
Whereas the room, I saw the room but darkly, at each fresh inspection it seemed changed, and that is known as seeing darkly, in the present state of our knowledge.
the tide making the dun gulls in a panic
Cyprus v Israel
The boughs themselves seemed to shift, as though endowed with an orbital velocity of their own, and in the big frosted window the door was no longer inscribed, but had slightly shifted to the right, or to the left, I forget, so that there now appeared within its frame a panel of white wall, on which I succeeded in casting faint shadows when I moved.
the sands quicken in your hot heart
France v Switzerland Israel v Republic of Ireland
But that there were natural causes to all these things I am willing to concede, for the resources of nature are infinite apparently.
hide yourself not in the Rock keep on the move
Switzerland v Cyprus Israel v France
It was I who was not natural enough to enter into that order of things, and appreciate its niceties.
keep on the move
Republic of Ireland v Israel Faroe Islands v Switzerland
But I was used to seeing the sun rise in the south, used to not knowing where I was going, what I was leaving, what was going with me, all things turning and twisting confusedly about me.
Malacoda
Faroe Islands v Republic of Ireland
It is difficult, is it not, to go to one’s mother with things in such a state, more difficult than to the Lousses of this world, or to its police-stations, or to the other places that are waiting for me, I know.
thrice he came
 August   Faroe Islands v Cyprus
But the valet having brought my clothes, in a paper which he unwrapped in front of me, I saw that my hat was not among them, so that I said, My hat.
the undertaker’s man
France v Faroe Islands Switzerland v Israel
And when he finally understood what I wanted he went away and came back a little later with my hat.
impassible behind his scutal bowler
Republic of Ireland v France Cyprus v Switzerland Faroe Islands v Israel
Nothing was missing then except the lace to fasten my hat to my buttonhole, but that was something I could not hope to make him understand, and so I did not mention it.
to measure
Switzerland v France Israel v Faroe Islands Cyprus v Republic of Ireland
An old lace, you can always find an old lace, no lace lasts for ever, the way clothes do, real clothes.
is he not paid to measure
France v Cyprus Republic of Ireland v Switzerland
As for the bicycle, I had hopes that it was waiting for me somewhere below stairs, perhaps even before the front door, ready to carry me away from these horrible scenes.
this incorruptible in the vestibule
Israeli club look to Africa
And I did not see what good it would do to ask for it again, to submit him and myself to this fresh ordeal, when it could be avoided.
this malebranca knee-deep in the lilies
Iranian misses Israel match
These considerations crossed my mind with a certain rapidity.
Malacoda knee-deep in the lilies
The German club said the player had pulled out because of a back injury
Now with regard to the pockets, four in all, of my clothes, I verified their contents in front of the valet and discovered that certain things were missing.
Malacoda for all the expert awe
 Hes got back pain and he couldnt train the spokesman said
My sucking-stone in particular was no longer there.
that felts his perineum mutes his signal
 It would have made no sense for him to go
But sucking-stones abound on our beaches, when you know where to look for them, and I deemed it wiser to say nothing about it, all the more so as he would have been capable, after an hour’s argument, of going and fetching me from the garden a completely unsuckable stone.
sighing up through the heavy air
Highbury tunnel players in clear
This was a decision too which I took almost instantaneously.
must it be it must be it must be
I didnt threaten anybody
But of the other objects which had disappeared why speak, since I did not know exactly what they were.
find the weeds engage them in the garden
 They are big enough players to handle themselves said Vieira
And perhaps they had been taken from me at the police-station, without my knowing it, or scattered and lost, when I fell, or at some other time, or thrown away, for I would sometimes throw away all I had about me, in a burst of irritation.
hear she may see she need not
 I had a talk with Roy Keane and thats it
So why speak of them?
to coffin
 Gary Neville is a big lad he can handle himself
I resolved nevertheless to declare loudly that a knife was missing, a noble knife, and I did so to such effect that I soon received a very fine vegetable knife, so-called stainless, but it didn’t take me long to stain it, and which opened and shut into the bargain, unlike all the vegetable knives I had ever known, and which had a safety catch, highly dangerous as soon appeared and the cause of innumerable cuts, all over my fingers caught between the handle of so-called genuine Irish horn and the blade red with rust and so blunted that it was less a matter of cuts than of contusions.
with assistant ungulata
 They just played better than us and deserved to win
And if I deal at such length with this knife it is because I have it somewhere still I think, among my possessions, and because having dealt with it here at such length I shall not have to deal with it again, when the moment comes, if it ever comes, to draw up the list of my possessions, and that will be a relief, a welcome relief, when that moment comes, I know.
find the weeds engage their attention
 There is no way that should have happened in a football match
For it is natural I should dilate at lesser length on what I lost than on what I could not lose, that goes without saying.
hear she must see she need not
After the match Keane accused Vieira of starting the row
And if I do not always appear to observe this principle it is because it escapes me, from time to time, and vanishes, as utterly as if I had never educed it.
to cover
 Patrick Vieira is ft in and having a go at Gary Neville
Mad words, no matter.
to be sure cover cover all over
 So I said have a go at me he said
For I no longer know what I am doing, nor why, those are things I understand less and less, I don’t deny it, for why deny it, and to whom, to you, to whom nothing is denied?
your targe allow me hold your sulphur
 Ive heard different stories
And then doing fills me with such a, I don’t know, impossible to express, for me, now, after so long, yes, that I don’t stop to enquire in virtue of what principle.
divine dogday glass set fair
Bellamy under new fire
And all the less so as whatever I do, that is to say whatever I say, it will always as it were be the same thing, yes, as it were.
stay Scarmilion stay stay
 Bellamy left Newcastle to join Celtic on loan after a major row with Souness
And if I speak of principles, when there are none, I can’t help it, there must be some somewhere.
lay this Huysum on the box
 Thats not good enough for a striker at a club like this
And if always doing the same thing as it were is not the same as observing the same principle, I can’t help it either.
mind the imago it is he
 We need to have two strikers who are near  goals on a regular basis
And then how can you know whether you are observing it or not?
hear she must see she must
There are certain things you can forgive and forget said Souness
And how can you want to know?
all aboard all souls
 He could then return to St James Park  and he says that he wants to
No, all that is not worth while, not worth while bothering about, and yet you do bother about it, your sense of values gone.
half-mast aye aye
Chelsea denied by James heroics
And the things that are worth while you do not bother about, you let them be, for the same reason, or wisely, knowing that all these questions of worth and value have nothing to do with you, who don’t know what you’re doing, nor why, and must go on not knowing it, on pain of, I wonder what, yes, I wonder.
nay
 Robbie Fowler should have scored for the visitors but sent his header wide
For anything worse than what I do, without knowing what, or why, I have never been able to conceive, and that doesn’t surprise me, for I never tried.
Da Tagte Es
 But Chelsea suddenly stepped up a gear and created a flurry of chances
For had I been able to conceive something worse than what I had I would have known no peace until I got it, if I know anything about myself.
redeem the surrogate goodbyes
Subs Not Used Johnson Smertin Cudicini
And what I have, what I am, is enough, was always enough for me, and as far as my dear little sweet little future is concerned I have no qualms, I have a good time coming.
the sheet astream in your hand
Makelele Gudjohnsen
So I put on my clothes, having first made sure they had not been tampered with, that is to say I put on my trousers, my greatcoat, my hat and my boots.
who have no more for the land
Subs Not Used Macken Weaver Onuoha Jordan
My boots.
and the glass unmisted above your eyes
Bosvelt
They came up to where my calves would have been if I had had calves, and partly they buttoned, or would have buttoned, if they had had buttons, and partly they laced, and I have them still, I think, somewhere.
Echo’s Bones
H Webb S Yorkshire
Then I took my crutches and left the room.
asylum under my tread all this day
Chelsea ridiculed over complaint
The whole day had gone in this tomfoolery and it was dusk again.
their muffled revels as the flesh falls
 To react the way Chelsea have is pathetic
Going down the stairs I inspected the window I had seen through the door.
breaking without fear or favour wind
 Mourinho lied with the lineups and now this Ten Cate said
It lit the staircase with its wild tawny light.
the gantelope of sense and nonsense run
 We had two Uefa officials there and neither witnessed it
Lousse was in the garden, fussing around the grave.
taken by the maggots for what they are
 It is not good behaviour after a match he said
She was sowing grass on it, as if grass wouldn’t have sown itself on it.
* * *
 Maybe they want to start something and make it worse than than it is
She was taking advantage of the cool of evening.
Yoke of Liberty
 I really dont understand it
Seeing me, she came warmly towards me and gave me food and drink.
The lips of her desire are grey
 I am very calm about it
I ate and drank standing, casting about me in search of my bicycle.
and parted like a silk loop
 Its not normal behaviour on his part
She talked and talked.
threatening
 It was not logical he did not give a news conference he said
Soon sated, I began the search for my bicycle.
a slight wanton wound.
 My men deserved victory and I am pleased to have won this match
She followed me.
She preys wearily
 I congratulate my players
In the end I found it, half buried in a soft bush.
on sensitive wild things
Benitez issues warning to Gerrard
I threw aside my crutches and took it in my hands, by the saddle and the handlebars, intending to wheel it a little, back and forth, before getting on and leaving for ever this accursed place.
proud to be torn
Gerrard told the BBC Liverpool were unlikely to win the trophy this year
But I pushed and pulled in vain, the wheels would not turn.
by the grave crouch of her beauty.
 Why not He said We need winners here and everyone thinking only of winning
It was as though the brakes were jammed, and heaven knows they were not, for my bicycle had no brakes.
But she will die and her snare
 I always want to win
And suddenly overcome by a great weariness, in spite of the dying day when I always felt most alive, I threw the bicycle back in the bush and lay down on the ground, on the grass, careless of the dew, I never feared the dew.
tendered so patiently
Benitez added When we lose I only think of solutions
It was then that Lousse, taking advantage of my weakness, squatted down beside me and began to make me propositions, to which I must confess I listened, absent-mindedly, I had nothing else to do, I could do nothing else, and doubtless she had poisoned my beer with something intended to mollify me, to mollify Molloy, with the result that I was nothing more than a lump of melting wax, so to speak.
to my tamed watchful sorrow
Owen determined to stay in Madrid
And from these propositions, which she enunciated slowly and distinctly, repeating each clause several times, I finally elicited the following, or gist.
will break and hang
 Im pleased with the start Ive made here he told BBC Radio Five Live
I could not prevent her having a weakness for me, neither could she.
in a pitiful crescent.
 England is my country
I would live in her home, as though it were my own.
Antipepsis
I cant keep my eyes off the Premiership on television when Im at home
I would have plenty to eat and drink, to smoke too if I smoked, for nothing, and my remaining days would glide away without a care.
And the number was uneven
 Ive got great memories of Liverpool
I would as it were take the place of the dog I had killed, as it for her had taken the place of a child.
In the green of holy Stephen
Wenger handed summer war chest
I would help in the garden, in the house, when I wished, if I wished.
Where before the ass the cart
 The money is there
I would not go out on the street, for once out I would never find my way in again.
Was harnessed for a foreign part.
 Dont worry weve got it Edelman told BBC Sport
I would adopt the rhythm of life which best suited me, getting up, going to bed and taking my meals at whatsoever hours I pleased.
In this should not be seen the sign
 Hopefully well spend it this summer and in the coming years
If I did not choose to be clean, to wear nice clothes, to wash and so on, I need not.
Of hasard, no, but of design,
Souness delight at Euro progress
She would be grieved, but what was her grief, compared to my grief?
For of the two, by common consent,
 More of the same in future please he said
All she asked was to feel me near her, with her, and the right to contemplate from time to time this extraordinary body both at rest and in motion.
The cart was the more intelligent.
Downing injury mars Uefa victory
Every now and then I interrupted her, to ask what town I was in.
Whose exceptionally pia
 McClaren said Stewart has tweaked a hamstring which is a blow for us
But either because she did not understand me, or because she preferred to leave me in ignorance, she did not reply to my question, but went on with her soliloquy, reiterating tirelessly each new proposition, then expounding further, slowly, gently, the benefits for both of us if I would make my home with her.
Mater hatched this grand idea
 We will assess it in the morning
Till nothing was left but this monotonous voice, in the deepening night and the smell of the damp earth and of a strongly scented flower which at the time I could not identify, but which later I identified as spike-lavender.
Is not known. He or she,
 But Im delighted with the match result
There were beds of it everywhere, in this garden, for Lousse loved spike, she must have told me herself, otherwise I would not have known, she loved it above all other herbs and flowers, because of its smell, and then also because of its spikes, and its colour.
Smiling, unmolested, free,
 They say in sport you can win ugly  and we certainly did
And if I had not lost my sense of smell the smell of lavender would always make me think of Lousse, in accordance with the well-known mechanism of association.
By this one act the mind become
 We didnt play well at all
And she gathered this lavender when it bloomed I presume, left it to dry and then made it up into lavender-bags that she put in her cupboards to perfume her handkerchiefs, her underclothing and house-linen.
A providential vacuum,
Rangers seal Old Firm win
But none the less from time to time I heard the chiming of the hours, from the clocks and belfries, chiming out longer and longer, then suddenly briefly, then longer and longer again.
Continues still to stroll amok,
 Striker Novo secured victory lobbing Douglas with eight minutes remaining
This will give some idea of the time she took to cozen me, of her patience and physical endurance, for all the time she was squatting or kneeling beside me, whereas I was stretched out at my ease on the grass, now on my back, now on my stomach, now on one side, now on the other.
To eat, drink, piss, shit, fart and fuck,
Subs Marshall Henchoz Juninho Paulista Lambert Maloney Wallace McGeady
And all the time she never stopped talking, whereas I only opened my mouth to ask, at long intervals, more and more feebly, what town we were in.