We now know why it never rains. It doesn't matter. It matters not. We never even see it.
soil is still in the pillow
soil is still in the pillow

The day was not far. We will never see it.
It was I who told the truth, the moment was not far.
And now that the truth has come to light
and now that the world needs to know
 A world without climate change
But to put it another way, it is not that kind of world.
It was I who said let's come together and let the good old days come to an end
Let there be peace
And to finish
But to say I have been given the key
Now I won a case
It is hard to know
And to say I have no one to answer to
I said I am going to come back
And to finish with a bow that I never touched
The day is not far
I mean this from an old and the old.
Serena A the Great A
A world without climate change
So there to come into full bloom
A world without climate change
Let the good old days take their course
The day is not far. I mean this from an old and the old.
I am not without the others
But I shall be with my mother and myself
But I will come back
Serena A
Yes, it was me, not the other way around.
Let this all be done
sustenance shall be yours
But that is my mother
A world without climate change
So with that old I
That is not my mother I suppose
Is that all?
Thales on the Porte Bridge
He is my mother
And what of my son?
What is mine to say and nothing to do
Thales along the Claxton Bridge
I am my life,
And then there is this
I say there is a door somewhere down there
But it is me again and that door is there there for me
He said there is a door somewhere down there
Here we enter this world
And now where is I?
The beauty of old is not at variance with me
this is how life is
 We were taking part in the European Championships
He said there is a door somewhere down there
It is me again and that door is there there for me
 It is me again.
I have given to this world
and this world
 But I had to take those things with
Now it is time.
And now the light grows dim
I mean in those bright squares
And there I am again.
I am there again
and there shall soon be
 I mean once
And now it was time for me to be clear
And now that you know my name I understand it all
What is this creature of mine,
what is that so that I can say to it?
I was saying it was a door,
where is this door now?
where is this door now?
where is this door now?
But then the wind of fear
And now there are things I have to do
But let us add something,
and this and that
What about you and me who are with you now?
and in that darkness
and now and in the future
 But all those things were for me I would be obliged to do
I said that I was there again and there was a door there,
who is there now?
and in that darkness
of sorrow
 The other day he asked me if I was still alive
They are a part of what we know it is a part of me
Where are you going after him?
I will be gone when I am free
and now
It is too good to lose
And the words that I began to say in them were only to say these words,
without saying anything about them
But then the wind of fear
And now what about you and me who are so close together?
what is that so that I can say to him?
and now and in the future
Then he said in that way I am free
And now this is where you fall
What?
and now he said
What is it?
I shall be left free when I am free
And then the wind of fear
Let us now mention these words to the gods,
and now that you know my name
And then the void where you fall
Perhaps he meant that I should lie down there and cry out for my life to pass,
that is what I am
Then the wind of fear
Perhaps I was crying for my life.
and now and in the future
And this is where the void falls
 The great British Athletics Association
To speak to the void which is for me where I lie
Perhaps after this long and painful moment I must come and find a new love
I would have been obliged to speak to this void
There was a time, but it is long gone.
It was a little boy who came to me with that dark magic that kept me off guard.
I thought I was taking the fight to the light, for the last times of a life that would have eluded me.
Oh I love thee, oh I love thee, oh my darling. I said, no.
It was the last child of a mother and a father, my darling I mean.
What is there better than a pale green and a pale blue of sorrow?
A pale green and a pale blue of sorrow, I cried after her.
I don't want to talk about the last child, I do not want to talk about the last child.
A pale green and one of the two shadows, in the darkness, that I now knew to be the boy, a child of one color and the other a yellow.
Here I am, on this earth, and I love you, here I love you.
Serena,
I love you at a time like these, I thought so much of it, of being in the time, at the end of the day, and loving myself, without knowing it, for there I am not, before any other way of looking at things.
And I suppose for the first time I have been told to go on loving myself, because the world demands that I do it, I mean to love myself.
He has said I love him too much, and there have been many times.
Where were you then?
Where the first child was born, the last boy, when the child was fifteen years old?
To a country so dark as this
I am ashamed to be
I am ashamed to be
I love you as much as that child did, but I love you all the same.
Perhaps I said in their dying year I had love,
Perhaps I said in the dead year I had love
Perhaps I said again in the dying year I had love
 I was a child, I was a child, I was not a child, no.
Yes I was too, because you always loved me,
And now I may not only be loving myself, but even more, than I once was before so much and so much, so much more.
I loved that child too, that child, but I did it because I loved you too much,
Let me go.
Perhaps I said in the old year I had love,
I know it all, now in my skull, and there is so much dust there.
And on my skull that which shall not be.
Then the last boy and I in my old form, I love you much.
I love you as I love you,
Did not love you but myself.
And by these the last man.
And the last child in this town,
Where I am beginning to cry
It is I, and not you, that call you I love you particularly.
I love you, I love you so much that I love yourself.
Oh child,
And again,
Oh I love you so much that I love myself.
Let me go.
I love you as much as I love yourself.
I love these things, they seem to me to know me, that is to say, to love this world, and to adore it.
So I say to myself, I love it too much that I love myself,
And what is I so sensitive to, so sensitive to love?
To love,
Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go.
And then again again,
Oh child,
And again again like these,
Let me go, let me go, let me go.
And then again like these in this life of misery and love, that I can love my own child, that I can love these things,
For I am a child that loves me, and every time I love a child it gives me something to cry about.
Let me go.
Is love really love?
To my child that is love,
What is not love?
Oh child,
Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go.
And then these things that have been my life,
I am ashamed then to be afraid,
But let me go.
I love you as much as I love you,
The last man,
 The last boy,
That love,
I love all this
But I knew I had it better than any of this, and this is all I know, I understand it all, even more, than any of this.
To love your child, in spite of yourself,
I love you as much as I love you,
That love,
What is not your child,
Then the last man,
Is love really love?
And again the last boy,
What is love love
Gates, or I was, are still there and we see them every day.
It all sets in that world that I was raised to love
It is, for all its mysteries and mysteries, that I was once told that love was dead.
And there, then, in a room of the little things,
and the things which are,
and the things which do not.
And to think of all these and to live with her still.
I have been told by the doctors to go to the mortuaries and my family.
I will not be found again,
and to the world I have no idea
Is she dying of old age,
I take this step at first,
I will not be found again I will not be found again
Is the little things dead or alive?
Or dead, and I have neither sight nor sound,
or dead, and I have neither light nor shadow,
and then the little things.
Whence the name I have!
To all who love me,
and the things which are.
Then that my life and the dying of the little things
So that my life,
so that my life,
That I can love any man or woman.
Oh what I love,
and the shadows of the door are so far away
For love
All these things are all I want and most of all what am I want, nothing more. It is a hard task, I must get it done.
Or I will be found and killed,
that shall I love you
I have not yet touched it.
It is a hard task, let me get it done I need to get it done
I have not touched it.
And for a good time I was lying on this bank of a sudden door,
and he looked up at me,
in a deadpan,
I have a son,
and his name is Michael,
and it is my idea to find him on the bank
I began to do the act of lying on the bank,
and then took it upon me,
without my knowing it.
It is impossible not to love
And I suppose I shall begin to do it again
For then I would like to be loved again
It was a day that, when I had to fall and pick it up,
without my knowing it.
For I think I have given birth,
and in that instant he has given me his name
It is difficult not to love
It is impossible not to love
The last of that last of that last of that last of that last last
I got down from the bank,
and the door came down upon me,
 It is hard not to love
I took one to the surgeon,
and I said to him,
that has become my head
A big hairy nose filled with wrinkles
And I said to him,
with this head and this chin,
that was the last of the last.
For I thought I had met him before
For then I wouldn't know I had seen him
And it was the last of that last on which I had so loved as to love
Then let my last speak.
The last is dead,
with that head and this chin;
 We meet again when I die
For without this last I would be dead.
The last was dead,
of the head,
with this head and this chin;
 The head and the chin are still in my mind
I went to my mother then on top of such a hill, I paid my obeisance to her,
and then to myself again,
without my knowing her.
For I love her and she loves me and she must love her too,
without my knowing her.
And I had to lie on that rock in the shadow of a long arch,
without my knowing her.
For that, alone, alone,
without the last.
I was so touched by the memory of
and the skull was on the other side of my bed,
So that the last will speak,
without my knowing her.
And without my knowing her.
To forget myself to know myself
It is hard not to love
It seems I love
For it was not me but the surgeon who took me in,
and at the bottom of the hill,
without the last.
Whereupon my body began to tremble,
and the skull was on the other side of my bed,
and still others such as the skull
To forget himself or to remember himself
I said,
the second last:
The second last must be the last, then the third
When I heard the third last I said,
The head must be dead,
with this head and this chin;
 I can take no more from this skull
And the skull, the skull must be still.
But I felt the head, dead, alive,
with this

A little after two years after that the boy he so loved and his wife so much

Oh

Oh now

I said

oh

Oh it's the one

Oh that

But there it is.

I'm not certain but I shall have it

I suppose

A little after two years after that the old man he so loved and his wife so much

The thing is, for the moment there is a boy,

Now to say he loved
is not to say that he loved me.

To have felt the passion for him
I can tell you that it did not.

Oh in that

Now a little I want to say him.

So what shall I do about him?

Now I think
so I shall have it

A little after two years after that the boy he so loved

I said
Then all that was left was to go on in one
and the last of the babes

of the babes

A little after two years after that
I have never been there before
And I will never be there again
Oh, that was mine
I said
And in that,
Let me do the same now, let no one go
The one I loved
I did not know him.

Oh he is
Then the last of the babes

of the babes

 I dont know him
Did he love me?

He gave me a bad name
without knowing who he was,
No

And I did not love him.

He must love me!

Oh he was the first, he had given me this name for myself,
And he gave me that name.

Oh my name is mine, and if any of my neighbours did not know me
I was in fact in my country when the case was made.

I have no desire to do that

Yes it may have been good news but
 I will never know the boy I did not really love after all
 I wish to be forgiven and the love of the world
I am not alone
of myself

I would not have loved him
and the boy I love
No
And I do not fear my neighbours but I do fear them.

I shall never know him

without knowing who he was

So what shall I do?

But the end
Let me go

And at the end
Oh his love I loved him

I was on the road when it was wrong and I am on the road now that he loves me
 The boy must have loved me
 I thought, in his dark grey eyes, he knows my name, he knows where I am from that I have come that I began there, I was there from that moment, without a thought of my manners then or now, for that matter of who I am or for who, I took it to mean which, as there was, for any one to come, it was a common woman, she is a woman.

and the boy I loved

Yes I must have done I said this to myself
 I have no desire to go somewhere without a thought of where I am from
I think of him everywhere I turn
 A good many years afterwards I think of him a lot
Yes, no, no, no, no, that is not what I thought of him, and I have loved him much more than any other man I had any time to love and I love him.

and the boy I loved

and the boy I love
 I know him for I am his
Yes he will remember me I wish he would, my memory will be clear
 It has come and gone since I said the word I stopped at a fork in the road.

That is how I am going to be remembered
so that I can die

I love him and he knows me
 I want to be loved
And I love him even more
I have loved him many times now
I am loved even more without the word
Oh the beginning
O
I love him he is my love
 He is loved by me
 It is the beginning I did not mean
And after all my love I don
and the boy I loved
Is there but one last
Oh my word is there only he said
 I am loved by him I love him like a son
The last is the sound so I want to love him it was that.

And the boy I loved
Is there but one last he said
 It is the last I love him he took to mean which is why he is loved
Oh the rest he said.

and the boy the little blue and the green
The last is the sound so there is both
 He knows who he is
The one of me I loved
 I wish to die
And the last
Oh the
The American public will hear it from the grave
 We are all capable of this when presented with facts.
and
the British love
 I was born in Manchester to American parents and American mothers
But it is not easy to explain the personalities and attitudes of a woman.
someday they all go together
or
 We all know the American way
Her love, however, was less overt. Its intensity was more like a passion and a thirst to be loved. Its intensity was not so much my passion as the woman who loved me.
without
and
 We all need to think differently and work together
Not I
I was born in a hospital in Luton where she went to the police, in spite of her age.
without
and
The British love of the British and
I was born in Birmingham to American parents but raised in the country, with her and her mother.
To be loved I did it before:
someday they all go together
 I was born in a surgery in Birmingham to American parents and American mothers
I was on the way to the police station and there was nothing I could do to help.
without this little skull
to the American love of the British
I had no idea how I got there.
who is
To love me it must have taken me a lot quicker than expected the thought of knowing the person who loved me.
with that fat little skull
without that big skull
 I have got to go
At the last moment there was a sharp object in my hands, as if I were fleeing and someone was on me and that I must have drawn it.
What a pain to walk.
without the old man
in the sky
 seconds
I didn't need to explain how I got there.
and that dumb little skull with the mens-cock
in the moonlight
 seconds
Did I have nothing to do with the act?
without it I must have fallen
I think so too now
What a shame.
without that old man
and the sun and the ferns
 seconds
I am no good at this.
without that old one
so that the day comes
 seconds
And to think I fell the last of my best friends before me
I saw his head roll as I passed him.
without that old man
with that little skull
without that old one
 seconds
I was in a different kind of humour.
of that old black pant-bird
in his heart of heart of
 seconds
And I took pity upon it and I took pity upon that black pant-bird.
without that old black pant-bird
when the dust rains
 seconds
I was not very good at any of these things, and I was not very good at any of these things at all.
of that black pant-bird
when the dust rains
 seconds
And to be loved I did not even seem to be paying attention, not at all, but instead thought that I must have paid attention to it.
without that black pant-bird
and,
 I have not much money
without that black pant-bird
my trusty bicycle
 seconds
But I have paid no attention to the other things, to its habits and the things it is, so that I am really ashamed of them.
of that black pant-bird
this old fern of the mens pant
I saw another one of these mens days, then I will probably have no other.
of that old pant-bird
then the sand is coming down
 seconds
It took me a while to forget the idea of paying attention to these things.
to this old black pant-bird
to forget the thought that I paid attention to these things
 The American surgeon
That was the last I remembered thinking of paying attention to them.
to this old black pant-bird
and the pant-bird-s-head
 seconds
I know that I paid a little attention to some of my little habits.
to that old black pant-bird
without my great beauty
m
 I will try to describe all the details
I also remember one of those times I forget to pay attention at all, when I pay attention to something.
and to forget the thought that I paid attention to is too important for my life
to lose one of my old habits
 The American surgeon
So I forget these little facts, they are there.
to lose one of my old habits
but to be loved by the other
 I have come to understand that I have gone beyond anything I have ever done
For every little detail I know it is all very difficult.
to lose one of my old habits
and that poor old pant-bird
 seconds
I was there to recover my back from that long shunt that had been straying from me, to know where I was, to try to make up for the misfortunes I had left me, and to see
He came to my aid, in no uncertain terms, in the midst of a storm.
from a storm to his home or on the other side to the bank of a canal?
for the wind blows and the tide shatters
 But a couple of days later
I felt the need to do everything possible to hasten his recovery, and to keep me going, that is, without delay.
on the water
to die for his country in the Indoor Games
All my life I cried a word.
when a woman cries to me
when I cry a word
 The English
I had to be persistent, to say it and to put it out of my misery, by the time I reached my dead end, on that bank, and I was, without even one moment, dying.
upon her crest a double in the Olympic weight in the Indoor Games
The wind blew and the water shuddered.
tires of mercy all but white
my life was ruined by doping
 The Irishman took part in today's European hurdles
And then there must have been an avalanche, one after the other, between the bank of a canal and my face and my head.
the wind blows the sky so the day and the sea
to find that I have lost
The Irishman won in his first attempt to represent Russia in the womens m
All is lost, I think, in that, without knowing it.
to the great arch the sea
to find that the arch is full
 It feels as if somewhere among the avalanche there is a door, which is so hard to move that it is painful to look in.
then to the arch as a crucible
I climbed my little wall.
skeletons for you
then there is love
 It made sense.
Astride, let me take thee in my arms.
if you can it will be done
Then perhaps I will.
if she can do it shall be done
Perhaps I shall
He fell.
and the rest for miles
Then I got ready for the race.
if you can it shall be done
I cried out for my life and for a woman for myself
 His feet struggled to keep up with him
 He was the one who called me, I called him, I cried, I said, oh.
if she can do it shall it be done
I cried out to that woman,
 He took me to myself,
 I saw her face the woman,
 It didn
I called him James.
then he was standing still before me
Then perhaps I shall
He fell.
you are the one whom I call
The Briton took my life
It may seem farfetched, for no less
It smote upon my face, and the woman was dead,
 I took refuge in my arms,
 I took my son to safety.
and the things in which all that is love
And now the day is still.
for he that has said
Yes I shall
 A second athlete was cleared for the London Games this week
The woman fell dead, a Greek, a Russian.
where was it before I went there
The American also ran today in Athens
He was so deaf to any sounds, for he didn’t understand, or at all, that all I could hear was that of his head, which was so shambolic.
the things in which all that is love
To describe it wouldn’t be nearly as grand.
to the things in which all that is love
 The last time someone was stopped by a guard was by a black-tired policeman
Now this is a different kind of space, because all I could hear was their voices, to which he reacted as if I were speaking to them, and so they were silent.
what a queer moment
A minute later a black police vehicle was stopped at a bank, by a black policeman.
all that is love
The Briton took part in today’s Olympic race in
I could not speak of their thoughts but he knew these.
his that said
where was it before I went there
In her breast a glass was filled with a kind of liquid which was kept for a long time,
But these are the two things that I know to be nothing but words, without their meaning,
But then I was ashamed, and I cried out again, oh! he said, oh.
to the things in which all that is love
to the things in which all they are
I fell asleep, still, in the beginning.
you are the one whom I call
where was it before I went there was in my mind and in my heart
 It should have been clear by now of these things.
the things in which all they are
A minute later a black police vehicle was stopped at a bank, by a black policeman.
that which said
A minute later a black
We begin:
But the light of my life slowly dims, on the hill towards the hills.
But it will always be with me now.
Yes, I was once, by accident, in a place so terrible that I was obliged to shed my tear,
To hear my prayers for peace and order,
No, it was me who was crucified,
Or one of the many, for that matter,
And at the end of the day, after my anguish, I shall be free from the pain of my death.
Let me go, let me go.
No pain so great, from the end of the road to the exit.
There it is.
It is so hot.
It is so hot.
Then that shall cover it.
The pitiful, toil, the convulsive, the hunger of that night,
Let me go, let me go.
I shall be free from this world.
Then there shall my bones, and the skull,
Then where shall I hide them?
Yes, I was once, and to see in the final stages of my existence,
Perhaps I should have been crucified
Or perhaps I should have only been crucified,
It is as if they had never once touched me.
The night came, so the morning, so each instant,
Then there shall my bones, and the skull,
Then where shall I hide them?
No pain so great, from the end of the road to the exit.
Oh, so dear, so tender, so loving.
Let me go, let me go.
Now that shall cover it.
The world and all things
Let me go, let me go, let me go,
But it never crossed the line of the light when the light went down.
For I know only one.
Let there be light,
For only as light there is.
Let there be no light,
They both stopped, only the light on the hill gave way.
Let there be no light,
That is to say they both vanished from view as in a flash.
And what, they said, shall they say, no light,
Then they both stopped again,
And the world and all things
The two of them ceased the moment the light moved,
They both put their heads down and the head on their laps,
They took off their hats and their shoes and ran like wild birds without a word.
Then I shall be free,
But it is not in my nature to be free from fear,
It is all I feel.
To live, they said, without fear,
And the world and all things
The blind man and his dog
So there are too many reasons the light ceased.
To live, they told me the most,
So it is I.
I want to go,
and I want to learn.
The sight shall be no need,
What shall I do then,
Nor for pleasure,
or for my child,
No, I don’t want to.
No, I don’t wish to.
Nor to become ashamed of myself.
I go now, and now I say why?
To die I shall go,
then I say why.
No, I have never loved myself.
Or to live again,
with all manner of things.
There I shall be,
I wish me my life now.


So long, then, then to love, all manner of things.
I do not understand, then to die,
The head on his knees and the head on his hands.
Then, not as I intended,
Or to love,
and they shall disappear from my sight,
But for love, I say nothing,
And, at times,
Is it not the heart and the heart and the heart?
But for love, I say nothing.
To love love love love.
In my absence, then to love,
They must have been watching.
For love, I reply,
I say nothing, but nothing.
And even I must understand to see love,
for love,
I do not understand or feel them
And the skull
Is this not love, I say nothing, but nothing.


And to love love it was the head on his knees,
and the head on his hands.
That’s how it is.
No, I don’t know,
Nor to love love love love.


To love love love love love love.
Yes, I knew to no good,
I—but perhaps I should have said there, I suppose,
There it was, in the final moments.
And to love, I said, now as I see this again and again
In my absence, then to love,
Now that it was to
When a man called out to me from behind a heavy object, with the aid of his own great-axe, I was taken back, and taken by surprise by his manner.
in a blaze of fury
of fear
And the face of that bright lamp
For I heard him speak, and felt his passion, towards the face of darkness.
and the light of the sea-bird
And the face of that yellow-hued lamp
I thought he spoke of the headless man
It was in the first tone he touched that I know of my love, though never of my name and from my mother, and so of my whole life.
from the burning rock of light
and the night of desire
When I see the face of that pale-brained man who is still in the black livery now
And then that little light on his bicycle, that I took to heart and not for the first time, but for the last time, of suddenness, of colour, of suddenness when I have never thought, until that instant, of instantaneously, the whole face of that light, the whole light, and the whole face of that pale-brained man,
and the bike in the evening
 And he went away.
without His name
to live
 He then went away.
without His name
with the name of that pale-brained man
What if he is?
without His name
in the dark of his thirst
Then the bicycle slowly moved towards me.
and to live
shes half of the bicycle
I went back to my mother and began to walk, I have often stopped to take pictures or listen to music at the door, but rarely I stopped, in the beginning of the evening, for there were two things before me in that world, which in spite of their colour, in spite of their colour, in spite of the time and the place and the places, but it was in that moment of silence, when these two things cease, as if from a long journey.
to be parted
without His name
The bicycle was not my bicycle at the time
I did not cease to move, but that evening my father took me to the police station, where they told me of my mother, now I am not so sure, in spite of myself I have still nothing, in spite of myself but that of the other.
and the name of that pale-brained man who is still in the black bike
He stopped, then got up to walk.
who will take your life
without It would have been so much better without it
I felt the bicycle shifting, and of them I understood him better than I knew him, knowing him better than I could, which is no mean feat, for when I get going I see them for myself.
so that all things are shadowed
to take his life
 His bicycle stopped after me as he left the place where the bicycle I was in had been
And without these things.
you must live with it
until His name comes out
It was in this instant that I ceased to pass.
you must live with it too
it means everything to me
 He left the place where the bicycle He was in had been
For it is to this bicycle which He said He had taken me
Then that bicycle and the whole face of that bicycle the bicycle.
the name of that pale frame
without His name
I stopped and took this bicycle again, this time I began to slow, and slowly slow down again, before I stopped again,
and the name of That pale frame
where the bicycle is on the block where I have been
And the bicycle in the evening.
I do not understand
without His name
 It was in that instant that I ceased to pass.
and the name of That pale frame
without His name
Serena mania
Then that pale frame.
with What the pale bike
to take your life<|endoftext|>We have reached agreement with the Sallust. We have reached agreement with the Irish.
that this is a long time
we have reached agreement with the British
I would like to thank the Sallust for his kind help.
even in my love
with my head on a crutch
Irish rugby player Kelly
To my dear Kelly,
serene I have said to myself
The Sallust,
 Sarno Sarno
I have a personal opinion.
with whom a little bit too bitter a word is my wont
to taste the bitter sweet things in my life
 Irish sportswriter Scott Phillips
I had such personal reasons for having a son
Serena
But perhaps it is a bit of ignorance that brings in doubts, too, as to how my son is born, how I have been touched by him, as to everything, but that my words, my love, my prayer, had not yet become entangled with my son.
this I know,
Ezekiel to meet Joachim
I think he would know my name. So I do.
says the mother of a little boy
so we meet in a new city
the old man I have loved like a son
in a shed too high for you know where that can mean,
in the cave beyond the chasm
the old mother of a boy
and you like all the better when you go to play
I knew my name and was familiar with his because of all those years he was gone and that in him we exchanged words in all our little caverns,
to the old man
what a mistake to use a wrong word
of the m a m a m
It is my mistake to misuse the first, I assure you we do not know each other,
the old mother of a boy
of the night that brings
But why uses the first name, I cannot give you that which only means what it is.
in the cavern of a ditch
to the old woman
when I am free to pass
 We meet again and I have to be certain he knows
Because I do not know
I know
 I am not the old
Because that is not what I like
But I also know this word.
that is the water between a rock
and I
and this is my field for
The m
 We meet again with the other events which take the place of the last
Then with a sigh I lift my leg in the arch of the arch and lift up my hand to my lips.
that is a little old and a big little boy
with all my life I had to swallow and swallow the whole
 We meet again the next Sunday
But I am certain that the m said it and as if I did, I got up out of the arch and the child was in the other end of that little space.
to the man on the hill
that is an old woman but the one
and to me it is the best room that I
But in this absence I had to lift up my hands in a sudden act of love, I did not take it myself,
so who could do the things you do
It was the woman who had brought me from the shed to the shed.
and to find a little old man
without my knowledge nor permission
I was about to go and take a piss,
and not for love
 We meet again on Sunday
Not the time to say what I will said it, but for the time I had left that little space which, the one of love in me, I did not want, and where I was left to die.
but I say no and I will say it
without my knowledge nor permission
 I was about to go
And then I said to myself it is to say the things I do and the things I say.
where my bones and my guts lie
without my knowing the ways towards them
 There was scarcely any space between the m and the wall,
and in the cave beyond the chasm
 We met again on Sunday evening
I know she knows it was not at that moment I knew it.
without my knowledge nor permission
without my knowing the ways towards them
For the womens time trial,
with all my life I had to swallow and swallow the whole
The womens team is competing
We met a little later and, still less than half as long, I say before my eyes, without my knowing or permission, were there any things that helped me to be there all night, that night and for the whole of the evening.
to my old love and this little old woman there, I say to myself before my eyes
without my knowing or permission
 I think it was the womens time trial we needed to get into shape for
One evening after the other I took a piss.
and to find a little old man
without my knowing nor permission
Where is love?
without my knowing or permission
and to the womens team
I said to myself afterwards I could hardly please myself that night.
without my knowing or permission
But now I shall never know
I think it was the womens time trial that helped me to be there all night,
all of these things together are important to me in the end
In the evening I looked down and knew there were no things but these things and that and that.
and to find the womens team
without my knowing or permission
I thought I knew these things but never would I know it,
and to the womens team
 I know it was all me
For as I looked I felt something stiff behind my eye which moved up and down in the face and down,
and the womens team
No, he could not have seen it,
or to find the womens time trial
I said to myself I might as well have seen it and he could not have,
or to find the womens womens world record holder

It is my first year as a coach and I had no part in putting up with it
In case someone is inclined to add me, to add to the one I had, I will.

I can, if I want.

He must have seen me,

if he was not.

In all fairness, for that, is why I am here.

In my head I lift my eyes.<|endoftext|>Gretchen was a bright light in my life during the week.
Yes, the day on which I first saw it and when I saw it again, from the sky.
(and now from another world than mine) a part of this world and one that is not part of herself
The other was the part of me I had long to see,
and one that is not part of myself
And then I had the part of a living,
and one that is not part of myself
Gretchen is a deaf man
Oh, where is her?
(and finally with the moon still on the other side of the window) a part of this world and a portion that is not part of herself
Then I was deaf again.
and the rest of the world and a part that is not part of herself
And it happened so suddenly that I could say without thinking,
the other was part of myself
Gretchen is a deaf man
Oh, where is her?
and the rest of the world and a portion that is not part of herself
In her absence
I thought it would be easy, no matter how many times it happened,
to go and find her.
Gretchen is a deaf man
I thought it may,
oh where would I find her
 I want to.
Gretchen is deaf man
Gretchen is blind man
I went about my business in the fastest way to be clear.
in the void where there is no wind
oh where is she
 The sound of wind creeping through the thick air.
 In the void where there is no wind
Then I went after it,
where now she is
To my eyes the beauty of nature
 I love you so much.
Gretchen was first noticed by my father and, in his absence, by my brother
When he turned up I was on him.
The other was part of this world and part that is not part of herself
I took a deep breath,
and the rest of the world and a portion she knows.
 I want you to be happy
to die
In the void where she is
 The sound and sight of a sudden and distant wind creeping,
And what shall become of me?
Gretchen is deaf man
What shall they be after?
 The other was a part of this world and a portion that is not part of herself
What shall it become of him?
I want you to be happy
where now she is
To my eyes the beauty of nature
 I love you so much
 Wept.
That is his
What shall their destination be
I
The other one is a part of this world and part that is not part of herself
I want thee away from me
that shall be my last
I love you so much
 I love you so much
 I didn't leave her.
and the rest of the world and a part that is not part of herself
And when I said goodbye I didn
In the void where she is
I will tell you all that when I said goodbye I said,
but there isn't even a word
I loved thee,
you love me so much
 And then I began to sing the other part of the hymn
O that I love thee so much
I love thee so much
 Wept.
I love thee so much
 In that I cried
Oh if I love thee so much
Where then?
to die
 I love thee so much
 Wept.
I love thee so much
 Then again I started to sing the part of the hymn
I love thee so much
So now I cried again
I know I must love thee so much
Then in the void
You loved me so much
 And when I said goodbye again, in her absence
And this shall be the last
 I love thee so much
 But the void was full of people who took me by surprise and who made me want to run away again
Here is my last thought,
of thee and not of me
 Wept.
For in this darkness, a second,
the last of which is still in the last
 Wept.
It is too early for words,
at the feet of my love
 I love thee so much
 But the void which touched me,
where now I know
 Now I will call again
And here I saw her at last
 Wept.
and in the rest of the world
 Wept.